I've tried the whole love yourself first thing, which is actually complete bullshit advice. I've never been loved or wanted, so how am I supposed to even love myself if I've only been shown no one else does anyways. I can't even love myself for survival or necessity. Everything that's happened in my near 30 years of life just makes me feel like no matter how good I think I look, how much I work on myself, or how successful I am I'll never be enough to be wanted and loved. I've already been having suicidal ideations if I remained single in my 30s. I'm afraid I'll wake up at 40 and wish I ended myself 10 years ago instead of wasting all those years hoping or wishing for something that'll never come. 50 and still lonely would make me want to travel back in time just to end myself earlier instead of wasting all that time being miserable alone.

I never had a connection with anyone, never had feelings reciprocated. When I thought I felt this deep, indescribable connection, that of course wasn't mutual. I've tried the self love shit and did have higher self esteem but it didn't matter. I'm convinced no amount of self care or love is going to do anything. I crave that deep human love connection and if no one wants that with me, it just tells me there's something fundamentally wrong with me. I've never had complaints about my looks or personality, so it just makes me feel like i'm just not meant to be loved. It almost feels like there are just people out there who will never find someone no matter how much they want it or even if they do everything right and I'm just one of those people fated to be single up until I pass from old age if I already didn't have the sense to end myself years earlier.

I hate that I'll never seem to be happy for as long as i'm single. I hate that I need someone to love me to show I'm capable of being loved. I just wish I knew I was loved- no offense, but friend and family love isn't the same. They're great, but it's not THAT. I just don't know if I'll ever truly be happy alone when my mind is convinced the reason for me being single all these years is because I was never ever wanted in the first place. I'm afraid of being happy single because that feels like I'll be OK with being single way later in life when I obviously am not and will never be. I will NEVER be one of those people who's just OK being single at 40+.

The closet I can get is accepting that I don't have the ability to love myself. Other than that, it's feeling like no one will ever love me, having to accept and forcing myself to be happy single if that's going to be the rest of my life, or putting a deadline on my life so I'm not wasting more years being miserable.