You really don't need to read this, just need to vent about my past and try to have some form of getting it out of my head.

My dad moved away to get a job when I was around 11/12 (major recession and my parents were dead broke at this point). I went from seeing him every day to 2 weeks out of the year. We were constantly being told whether we were moving/not moving, leaving me in limbo if I was leaving all my friends/family behind (we never moved despite putting our home for sale). This ultimately strained my parent's marriage and they got divorced.

My mom tried to commit suicide when I was 14, I read her suicide notes that night and said nothing about it (she still doesn't know). If it wasn't for her friends and my brother she would have taken her own life while I sat in a room hoping she was going to be okay. She spent weeks in the hospital and it was just my brother and I trying to keep it together at age 14/17 but he was never home.

A year or so later my grandma was diagnosed with a rare form of leukemia that she fought for 2 years before she decided not to go through chemo anymore and passed shortly after.

My brother was a drug addict, who is now clean from hard drugs but has become an alcoholic. He was emotionally unavailable and impossible to talk to without him getting angry. I used to look up to him so much. I wanted to do everything he did. I started becoming scared to talk to him, let alone try to get his advice or have a serious conversation.

I fell in love at the end of high school. This girl took all the pain away. She distracted me from the fact that my family had fallen apart. I moved away for school and things came crashing down. She lied to me and broke my heart. This caused my first major depressive episode. I was extremely suicidal for 2 months and depressed for 2 years. One night I was really low, I drank a bunch of vodka and took the rest of my Ativan, I still have no memory of what happened the night...I just woke up. I still want to talk to her during my low points.

Every time I get low I look back on my past and always feel like it haunts me. I have so much regret for some of the decisions I made and things I said to the people that mattered to me. There were so many conversations I was too weak and scared to have that could have solved so many issues. I wish I could go back and re-live my high school / early college years since I missed so much trying to isolate myself.

I'm now in a fairly healthy relationship for the past 5 years. But I've slipped again. My depression has crept its way back and I can't get my past out of my head. My brain wants to isolate and burn down the life I've made for myself.

Am I really happy? Should I just end things so I can try to deal with my shit? I burdened my last relationship with my issues and it almost killed me. Why do I have to feel empty all the time? Why can't I let go of my ex?