Hi there. If the title wasn't suggestive enough, this, is, a vent.

I (25M) have been depressed since primary school. And severely depressed since when I was 20yo. One taken treatment or psychotherapy, because my parents didn't believe in these things, and when I got into psychology and stuff like that, it was too late; we had already been welcomed to the lower class who can't afford a lot of things (I live in the middle east).

[Sighs]...

The first time I started idealizing suicide, is definitely something I don't remember.
Why does life have to suck? Why is it that, when people fail, they start failing more and more rapidly?
I'm tired being sad all the time. It's exhausting. This is my 3rd time quitting porn, and my 5th time quitting smoking. I hate myself. And by myself, I refer to the non-existent achievements and the actual characteristic that I behave by. My country's economy is has gone bonkers. The future is completely uncertain now. I'm surprised as to how we still have access to internet when so many people can barely afford good enough food.
ALL my friends besides one, have emigrated to the west. And by emigration, I am not suggesting they're "asylum seekers". Oh no! They are educated people in different fields of Computer Engineering that have been hired by companies or universities. E.g. one of them started studying in a good university in the state of New York as a Quantum Computing masters student. Right... Whereas I have barely moved 1 inch towards my career since I was fired from my job 18 months ago.

It's really hard getting up. It's really hard getting out of bed. Exercising, even just 5 minutes. Brushing teeth. Taking a shower. Not procrastinating what you have to do. It's incredibly hard focusing. Focusing for long hours even with pomodoro, feels like moving mountains; my inconsistent record is 6 hours. I want to cry all the time. It's impossible crying if there's no sad movies; self compassion had definition in my unconscious mind apparently.

I'm trying my best here, struggling to learn enough, to land an internship, to land a job. I just want a good enough job. That's my que. I get that, I'm immediately therapist-hopping. I'll find a therapist that aligns with my beliefs in the realm of psychology (spoiler alert: it's a pseudo-science). I have come to believe, that with the help of a therapist my performance in - well, life - will become better. Because if that doesn't work, there are no buttons left to make it better. Btw, I have CPTSD Freeze+Flight. But to understand that better, you could say I have ADHD + OCD + Social Anxiety + Depression.

I wish I wasn't this sensitive of a person. Even though I'm a man, even though sensitivity is a feminine trait, I score among the top 4%.
But in return, I'm highly imaginative. Which is not strictly a good thing. Because I'm addicted to daydreaming (maladaptively). Nowadays I ruminate about my plan which is to spend 5 years still in my country and invest all of my time and the little money (because economy) I make on my improvement to compensate for all the time I have stupidly wasted. Here's the fun part. Then I think, I would always be behind everyone of my age by about 10 years. I would be a 30 years old with only relationship experience (I'm not getting into a relationship until I'm 99.99% healed). Damn. It's so scary.

My genes suck. I'm cursed in certain areas of life. I can't have kids - morally. Why would you have kids if you're this sensitive? How could you even? I'm not sure I want kids though, since I don't even know what love, relationships, or any of this stuff is. I've never had sex. One of the greatest benefits of being born in a now-poor conservative traditionalist Muslim family; and by family I also mean relatives on both sides. I said all my friends have immigrated, before they had (not right before) I had a problem with each of them (not at the same time) and our relationship had withered. That's what happens when you're sensitive, nobody understands you, and you're kinda dead inside. Even this one friend that's still here, we're at the brink of emotional divorce - so to speak. And honestly, he himself doesn't matter to me. He sucks anyway. You have no idea what kind of a monster he can be. It's scary. I do not want to be on the wrong side of that level of rage. I'm just scared of being completely alone. Survival, eh? It sucks.

Prologue: If you're here and have read this whole thing, it's no wonder the cuckoo has left your nest. But, for further empathy, imagine losing your hair nearly completely at the age of 22. Ha! Didn't see that coming? Well, neither did I.