So I'm a 35y old male, and I have depression. I was diagnosed (kinda) by psychiatrist about 7 years ago. She said "probably depression... or anxiety with secondary depressive symptoms". My problem is, that I'm not *actually* depressed or sad or in grief. I kinda gave up on life, and I don't mean I'm suicidal. I'm absolutely not suicidal. Best way to describe it maybe to imagine an MMO game which you played for years (35y to be exact :] ). You rolled a character with stats but They came out in an awfully bad combination. There are some high ones but they are useless without at least decent other stat in combination, lets say playing a barbarian with high str high charisma but shitty dexterity and constitution. With my personal example (I think) I have decent intelligence score but my skill to organize my work is absolute shit. So I have this character with its shitty stats, played with it, maxed out the skills as much I could but its... all? I log in this game of life each morning drag myself online/to the office and work.. I'm utter shit at my work and I know I could do somewhat better but why bother? It's not like I will get a promotion or a raise with my shitty self management and charisma and my absolute inability to organize my work. Woman in general dont like me. People in general don't notice me. I have shitty humor. The game is shit with this character. I would like to quit and reroll but I very well know there will not be a new character generation screen, I have to play this character for I don't know... 50 more years...? If I want to play. And it sucks to see everybody is useful or talented or interesting in some way but I'm not. Like I'm a prank, a parody or something like that.

Nowadays it's getting worse. I was not like this 10 or 15 years ago. I was a loser alright back then too, but I was always like "My time will come! My hard work, struggles and honorable behavior will pay off!" Spoiler: It did not pay off. My friends got married, promoted. They are wonderful people. Interesting people with interesting hobbies, humor, work, life!. I made 3 diplomas in engineering and science (I live in Europe) because the only thing I'm good at is to understand things and learn things IF somebody organize them for me like a University does to some degree. But I'm on chimpanzee level in organizing and implementing things so I don't use those degrees one bit. Companies hire me because they think I'm good for something but it's a trap. I'm really good for nothing and my boss always ask me if I have a problem or feel good. Man, I don't feel good I can't handle my workload independently no matter how small and I'm overwhelmed. I think. But I really say I feel good and I just got a big load.

I'm also ugly. I mean I'm not horrendous but I have a stupid face. You know, the one people want to punch because it just calls for it. I have a stupid voice too. No wonder woman are not attracted to Me.

There was also no point writing this I guess because it's too long and uninteresting and did not help me one bit. But I had to do something because I have an awfully bad day and My friends are usually does not give a flying f about what I have to stay, nor my family. It will pass They say. It never does. I just pull my shoulders and log in the game next morning and wait life spitting in my face again during the day. Thanks for letting me venting.