I've been dealing with this since some of my earliest childhood memories. I never have figured out how people build relationships in practice. I have a pretty privileged background; no real sources of trauma. Culturally, my family can be a bit distant. Not much physical touch or expressions of love.

I'm 35M now. Dragged myself through bachelors deg with little purpose in a decent field but dreaded working professionally. Instead of pursuing a career, I've been doing the same minimal part time work I've been doing since I was in high school.

Only times I would feel decent was in relationships. Temporary connections made me feel whole, and hopeful but never gave me lasting incentive to live my life. Simply been living day at a time. Relationships would end since I don't make plans for future and the SO would. I'd get outgrown and things would fall apart.

Had always been a combination of being afraid to confide in the few acquaintance/superficial friends I had. When I do I often get alienated or avoid them in multiple fears. Sometimes feeling like a burden, sometimes feeling embarrassed. Kept trying to tell myself to keep going out to be around people and learn to assimilate but have so far failed. I try to be honest but it doesn't land well.

It's painful and tiring living my life like this over and over again. Basic care like hygene, healthy diet, and oral health comes and goes. Too old to be living like this. Not having whatever skills others have naturally learned socially as kids, I've become cynical and skeptical of life, love, meaning. The gap between myself and peers, already deafening, just keeps growing.

I tried some therapy but lost interest. I've read religion, life purpose, social skills. I've learned lots, but I've found success challenging. I'll probably have to make a whole other post to chronicle my attempts and getting better. It's been a long tiring work with little to show for it. I'm tired just thinking about it.

What I would like to try is psychotherapy but that's expensive and people keep pushing CBT instead. I get it but I've trouble staying motivated to put in the work. Or some in person group meetings with more specifically similar depression suffers. I'm not sure how exactly to characterize what I'm feeling. I feel I present as textbook depression, but I don't tend to relate to other suffers anymore. It seems after decades and its become something different. Less urgent and more enduring maladaptive behaviors are strongly fixed. Maybe some more persistent and personal/individualized guidance. But again expensive. I'm in the US if anyone has resources I can use.

Anyway thanks for reading. Tired of the common advice, but am open to hear what I have overlooked. I will continue working on it but could use some real support in staying strong.