I have to tell you a secret. I think I am in love. Okay, I know I’ve only known him for not even a month, but I swear I am in love with him. He makes me feel light and warm, like one of those cinnamon apple candles my mom always puts out during the holidays. I used to feel like I’d always be swallowed up by darkness and emptiness, but when Jake is around, he lights everything up and he makes me feel full. I don’t want to tell him how I feel because I don’t want to lose him, even if it’s just as a friend.
JAKE AND I ARE DATING! I REPEAT, JAKE AND I ARE DATING! I know I haven’t updated in a couple of weeks, but I just wanted to take a moment and just feel all these new feelings. I can’t stop thinking about it. We went to the movies and he held my hand the entire time. I never knew I could feel these emotions. The nothingness that I felt seems like a lifetime ago. I’m beginning to think Jake is magical. My mom likes him at least and I can tell a weight has been lifted off of her shoulders from seeing me happy.

I’m kind of angry. I went to my therapist and I was so excited to tell her about Jake. I wanted to see the same light that I saw in my mom’s eyes when I told her. I thought she would be happy that I am finally happy. I mean isn’t that what my mom is paying her for? To make me feel something? To make me normal? She said and I quote, “I am happy that you are feeling good, but you can’t base your happiness off of anyone or anything else because what happens when that thing or person is taken away from you?” I mean why would she even say that to me? She’s supposed to be happy for me regardless. Jake makes me happy and that’s all I am going to care about from now on. I am going to tell my mom that I don’t need to go to therapy anymore. I probably won’t write in this stupid book anymore either.

I don’t know what is happening. Jake has been an amazing boyfriend, but there’s something wrong with me. I’m starting to feel how I used to. I know I haven’t written in so long, but I don’t know where else to go. I don’t think anyone would understand. I thought I was normal, but there’s something wrong with me again. I’m starting to feel empty, but how can that be when I love Jake? I want someone to talk to, but my therapist will probably tell me to leave Jake, and I can’t do that. I won’t.


