ok i’m gonna vent because why not.

i hate telling people my problems because i feel like i’m a burden. there’s only so much they can do. i can only imagine how mentally exhausting it must be to hear your friend/daughter complain about the same problems over and over again.

there are people in my life who simply do not understand why i am “depressed all the time” when i have everything i need to be happy: family, friends, food, nice house, wealth, etc.

it feels as though my feelings are invalid. it feels as though i have no right feeling this way. it feels like i’m being ungrateful and inconsiderate. it feels like i am the problem.

that’s when i begin to wallow in self-pity.

well unlike you, i have always had to deal with attention issues (possibly adhd), memory problems, anxiety (it’s getting worse as i get older), attachment issues (also getting worse with time), feeling excluded from everyone. i have to deal with all of this at once. it is absolutely mentally exhausting. yesterday i was home all day and the pain was unbearable. i could feel it physically. i was breathing more heavily, my chest felt tight, heart felt heavy. i began to think about all of the times i have been excluded in my life. all of the friendships i’ve had, and they never lasted. the pain is still stuck with me in the very depths of my heart. i could feel it all resurfacing last night. i’ve cried so much in the past, i didn’t have any more tears to let out.

i never want to feel that way ever again. i wish there was an immediate cure. i feel like i can’t deal with it any longer.

i went to my second therapy session this morning. i didn’t find it useful at all. it just feels like an interrogation every time we meet. after she finishes asking me questions (in the last two sessions), she tells me her observations (stuff i already know like a constant fear of losing people, feeling excluded and lonely) then provides me with some external help (to help with my anxiety since we are focusing on that right now) like worksheets, coping skills or meditation videos. i already know everything she tells me. i guess talking to her about past experiences have helped me see the root of some of it with a bit more clarity, but it’s stuff i already know.

i don’t know. i feel lost. my head really hurts. the worst part of it all is that everyday is just a loop. so i have to experience these feelings every single day, maybe less on days when something exciting is happening, i guess i tend to suppress those feelings on those days.

i joined a co-ed fraternity a few months ago and it put me in a better place mentally (did not completely remove those feelings but i did feel relatively better?) i remember still experiencing depression. i had everything i wanted, why was i feel this way? why do i not feel secure? i remember messing up (due to my depression and lack of self esteem) and getting kicked out of the fraternity. it affected me so bad. i feel lost and alone now. i don’t have many friends and no actual friend group.

these thoughts crossed my mind last night. this is why i don’t like staying home because i am left alone with these unbearable thoughts. it’s so frustrating. my therapist told me to journal, which is basically what i’m doing right now and i can confidentially say that it is helping me see and understand my thoughts a bit better. still though, i am suffering on the inside. the breaking point for me last night was seeing others have a good time in their own little groups and feeling left out. i don’t even like telling anyone this because it’s so embarrassing and weird. like i feel like i’m acting like a child. other people experience this too but don’t constantly complain about it and make it such a big deal.

sigh.

in moments like these, i often think about how we are all going to die some day, and it puts me at ease. none of this will matter. everything i am experiencing is short term. but still the pain feels unbearable sometimes.

i tried looking for a man in hopes to combat loneliness but i immediately stopped myself. i’m no where near ready. whoever tells me otherwise just doesn’t get it. i don’t think they will ever get it. no one knows me. that’s such a scary thought. people say i’m ready but how can i be if i literally have attachment issues? it doesn’t make any sense. how can a person with unhealed wounds get into a relationship and expect it to help them. i am not going to dump my problems on another person and expect them to help me through it. that is absolutely selfish. why do they have to suffer just so i’ll feel less lonely and more secure? i am not getting into a relationship until i help myself. by the way, i’m not saying don’t reach out for help from a significant other. i’m saying seeking a relationship with the sole purpose of fulfilling your wants and needs (dumping all of ur trauma on another person and expecting them to help you change) is very selfish and unhealthy in my opinion.