You’re right, being pitied and thought of like a dog with a broken paw is incredibly annoying, even if you know they’re coming from a place of genuinely wanting to try and make you feel better. But there are more choices than just that, and saying “you should try to make the most of your life, it’s all just your choice and you should think positive thoughts!”. There are more choices than that, but to be fair most people don’t know how to act around ill people in general, and especially not mentally ill people, so I don’t blame them for not having gone to medical school and done a psychiatry residency. It’s still annoying though. Bizzarely for the opposite reasons. Being pitied and treated as a child bothers me, because I know it’s necessary for me to live at times. I have a team of like 5 people looking after me in some capacity (i.e. a psychiatrist, a psychiatrist nurse who comes and drives me around and calls people when my phobia of calling is too much, a normal family doctor etc.). I know I couldn’t do a lot of things without these people, things I actually need to live (like sometimes the fear of leaving my apartment is so great that when I run out of food I can’t go and buy more, and my record is 8 days without eating, before my support worker helped me go buy more food). But I hate it. I want independence. I want to be able to financially support myself, not have to rely on the government and my dad, because I consider myself a “scrounger” even though my doctors tell me every time that I’m genuinely on the highest tier of disability in the eyes of the government, equivalent to like a quadriplegic or something (I get the same basic amount of benefits as them, though of course without the extras on top for mobility related things, but I’m still on that same tier). The thing about schizoprhenia that some people don’t get is that I feel entirely normal, even when psychotic, and nobody even closest family and friends has ever realised I’m psychotic when I’ve had an episode, because it’s very easy to hide it, unlike what movie and tv would make you think.

But no I feel no different really than what I felt before I developed it. Like most schizophrenics I got it when I was a young adult, age 19 when I was diagnosed. It took over a year of struggling barely to live with my symptoms before I ended up watching a youtube video about the symptoms of schizophrenia and realised it matched, and not wanting to self diagnose went to a doctor who then did diagnose me. I never felt different though. It was the world around me that felt different (I thought the government was spying on me, and this was before the NSA stuff came out, though my delusion was more intense, e.g. I’d look all round my university dorm room for hidden cameras and do malware scans of my laptop for keyloggers and stuff).

I just feel like a normal bloke. So I feel like I’m stealing benefits, that I don’t deserve them, despite the fact I’m basically not allowed to get a job by my psychiatrist. I mean I could try, but she thinks, and I agree, that within a week I’d probably have a nervous breakdown and attempt suicide, since that’s what’s happened every single time I’ve had to be around people every day for over a week, every single time.

But I’d love to have a job, a normal life, pay my way, not earn money for nothing, have independance, not have to rely on anybody but myself. That’s my dream, and it’ll probably never happen unless some miracle breakthrough in mental illness medication happens on the equivalent level to discovery of penicillin that “cures” me (as much as you can cure a fundamentally incorrectly wired brain, like trying to play the latest PC game with a broken graphics card. Taking medication is like downloading new drivers, it might work, or help a bit, but unless you replace the card entirely it won’t work normally, and then it’s a different computer. For one, you can’t just replace parts of the brain or mess about too much with wiring, one because we know too little about it, and two in the past it’s been catastrophically bad with things like lobotomies. And if they could replace the broken bits of my brain, I might then be an entirely different person).

So yes believe me I loathe being pitied, and being treated as a child, and knowing that this will be my life forever, and that I’ll probably either end up homeless or in a mental facility. Either way I agree, being pitied is also incredibly patronising.