Remember me? I am the lecturer in cardiovascular physiology, who has schizoaffective disorder. I am fortunate that I do not have a key frontline job, because I cannot begin to imagine the stress of such a position over the last 6 months. I have a stable job, which so far the pandemic has not threatened. I have not had to find alternative means to occupy myself, while on furlough and surviving on only 80% of my normal salary. Yes, I feel lucky and blessed to have an understanding and sympathetic line manager and a good General Practitioner (GP). Yet, I have not been without my struggles during the lockdown and beyond.

Three years ago I moved house from central Plymouth out into the country. I should have, but didn’t, register at the local GPs. Instead, each month I made two 30-mi round journeys to collect my medication. The last psychiatrist I saw, when she discharged me, emphasized the importance of medication compliance, stress reduction, and good sleep to staying well, so I knew this round trip was worthwhile. At the beginning of lockdown, I felt I simply couldn’t justify those trips, and, as a consequence, I ran low and then out of my medication. I was blasé—I can cope. I established a regular routine including daily exercise and a balanced approach to the amount of news I was watching. Initially, this was successful, but then work began to build as assignments came in, the exam alternatives required marking, and meetings occurred (one of which I chaired). Slowly but steadily the daily walks disappeared, stress increased, but still, I was happy with life. Then one day it happened.

One fateful Friday morning I received a telephone call purporting to be from a company I receive my internet from. I was drawn in and over the next 3 hours allowed the callers access to my bank account from which they duly emptied my savings account. They were incredibly clever including showing me screenshots of my bank account, which I later learnt were false. Eventually, my suspicions were raised and the phone call ended. I then discovered what had happened to my bank account. I immediately phoned the bank, who confirmed the fraud. They were incredibly nice about it but oh did I feel stupid. That night, unable to sleep, I did something I’ve never done before and rang the Samaritans. I needed someone independent to talk to, who would be nonjudgmental. I spoke to a lovely lady with a beautiful soft Irish accent, who said the same thing had happened to her. In that moment, I felt understood.

After a dreadful weekend, I decided I must tell the university what had happened, because it was my work’s computer that had been used in the fraud. Once again, I spoke to 2 very sympathetic men from IT services and security. I also spoke to a third person, who I do not wish to dwell on, because that was unpleasant. I began to sense that beyond feeling silly I was also beginning to become very upset. My line manager suggested a few days off, and at last, I made contact and registered with my local medical practice. One telephone consultation later and a new prescription was started and I was signed off work for 2 weeks. A few days later a representative from work came and collected my work computer. I shed a few tears and then sat down in my armchair from where I only moved to go to bed and the bathroom. The remaining time was spent in self-loathing and self-recrimination. Eventually, realizing that all was not well I filled in an eConsult for the medical practice and was called to see a GP in person. She persuaded me to go and collect my medication and to get in touch with a local service for people with low mood and self-esteem.

Life continued to be a struggle. The bad thoughts would not go away and the mood medication I take cannot immediately be reintroduced at my normal dose. It has to be built up. The antipsychotic medication was not immediately restarted. This came later following a consultation with a community psychiatric nurse and later discussions at the multi-disciplinary team. By that time, my mood had started to improve, helped by listening to books (I could not concentrate to read myself), and the reintroduction of my walking. In the end, I had 2 months off work, which coincided with the long vacation, so while my research suffered, I’m incredibly glad that no students were affected. I do feel very guilty about other colleagues having to do some marking for me and missing some important meetings. I also still have trouble with my sleep patterns, difficulty getting off or waking up, and being unable to get back to sleep. Perhaps, all is not quite right but I am functional, the self-recrimination and self-loathing have gone, and I have resumed my work, which I find fulfilling.

Yes, I feel lucky. I can be very impulsive and have in the past reached for the pill bottle, when extremely upset and with a desire to never see a tomorrow again. Yet, I have not felt inclined to do this. I have not heard the voices. I was terrified that the voice that blames me for awful behavior would return, or that I would believe all my work colleagues were talking about me. This has not happened. I have learned to put the phone down if anything in the least doesn’t add up and most importantly to take my medication. It’s not only such a truism but also a significant fact that medication is there for a reason. Remembering back to how I started this piece—every job is stressful. I’m sure that wrapping myself in cotton wool and avoiding all stress are as equally unhealthy as increased stress beyond a tolerable level. It is good to have a little challenge and realistic goals. Sleep—not so straightforward, but I’m working on it. It is good teaching practice to use reinforcement so I’ll say it once again, for Heaven’s sake take the medication.

