During my episodes of schizoaffective disorder, one of the scariest parts of psychosis was the belief that I would do and say things I didn’t want to. I had strong impulses to commit crimes and hurt people around me even though I didn’t, and I eventually began to believe that controlling my thoughts and emotions was a way to prevent myself from doing anything wrong. These impulses were incredibly strong, and it was terrifying going through every day with the belief I was going to say and do things I didn’t want to that would hurt others or even hurt myself. Working with intrusive thoughts from trauma helped to alleviate this burden.

The first thing I had to realize was that my brain and body were made to function properly before I experienced trauma. This put the onus on allowing myself to think and feel all the same things I was thinking and feeling before the trauma I went through, which caused my episodes and in particular psychosis. I had to allow myself to think intrusive thoughts about my trauma as well as feel intrusive emotions without trying to control them at all. It was terrifying at first, but over time, I realized allowing myself to think and feel any thoughts and emotions was the ticket to my freedom from psychosis. There were also delusional beliefs and other associated thoughts tied into thought–action–fusion which was the belief and feelings that anything I thought would turn into action and also emotion–action–fusion. Emotion–action–fusion is just like thought–action–fusion except it’s the belief that emotions and intrusive emotions would cause me to do and say things I didn’t want to. Because of emotion–action–fusion, I suppressed my emotions and suppressing my emotions caused a lot of my psychosis. Along with suppressing intrusive thoughts and intrusive emotions as opposed to letting them pass, I tried to control the thought–emotion combinations. This happened because I got to a point where I couldn’t control my thoughts, so I believed controlling my emotions in conjunction with my thoughts would help prevent me from doing anything wrong. After a while, I came to realize that I didn’t need to have the “correct” thought–emotion combinations and that the key was to allow thoughts and emotions to just pass by in any combinations no matter what they were or weren’t.

I also had to refute delusions such as believing my thoughts and emotions were being disseminated to the rest of the world and to learn that this was not a way that I had to or was going to change everyone’s behavior to save the world. This also allowed me to stop trying to control what I was thinking and feeling all the time. In my rational mind, I obviously knew I didn’t have to do these things, but I still had to dig out these thoughts from my episodes which were eight years ago and refute them to be alleviated from their burden. Refuting these thoughts was important because these were some of the major thoughts that were supporting my belief that I needed to make thought–action–fusion and emotion–action–fusion happen.

There was a network of thoughts supporting these processes that I had to dig out and eliminate but doing so alleviated my psychosis. There was a multitude of irrational and delusional thoughts that I had to disprove but as I did so my psychosis lessened and my ability to think clearly and rationally continued to improve. When I finally figured out that my thoughts and emotions are not tied to words and actions that’s when the psychosis began to lift. Writing down that my thoughts and emotions weren’t going to control what I did and didn’t do helped me to think more clearly and regain my sanity. I also had to realize that I was not an automaton and that I had free will and thinking and feeling the wrong emotional combinations still was not going to cause them to happen. Having free will means that I can allow thoughts and emotions to pass, and I can pick and choose from my stream of consciousness what I do and don’t say and do. Instead of thoughts and emotions being mandates for my actions, they became options that I could choose from. This stance on thoughts and emotions allows me to think and feel whatever my brain needs to at any time, which has been the key to having my sanity and to lifting psychosis and eliminating it. I learned to allow my brain to self-regulate itself as opposed to me trying to shape and mold it all the time is crucial to alleviating psychosis.

