I have had many positive influences in my life since my initial diagnosis of schizo affective disorder. Mental health professionals, as well as family members have played an active role in my continuing recovery. In some instances, it has taken awhile for a relationship to form. I have had 4 or 5 psychiatrists and/or psychologists who have treated me. In the early days, I felt no connection with my therapist. Over time that changed as I found the ones who allow me to be myself.

Seeing the same therapist over a long period time has created trust and acceptance in our relationship. I have a friendly relationship with my therapists which goes a long way toward building trust. I have a regular schedule for seeing them, as well as getting bloodwork and meds. This routine helps me not to be confused. I even get appointment letters to remind me of the date and time of my next scheduled visit.

My therapists give me positive support and answer all my questions. They empathize with my concerns, and they are quick to offer advice when I ask for it. They also challenge me to be responsible by being as independent as I can; by keeping my appointments; taking my medication as prescribed; and always checking the evidence when I hear sounds or voices that disrupt my thinking.

My parents have also been major caregivers in my life, especially in the beginning of my journey into mental illness. Initially, they educated themselves about my diagnosis. They accepted me without sweeping my issues under the rug. They have seen me at my worst, my best, and everything in the middle! They are not afraid of mental illness. They help me to fight the stigma attached to my diagnosis. They are always a phone call away, and I call them whenever I need someone to talk to or when I am questioning my symptoms. I am not a public speaker, but my parents have pushed me to write my feelings and experiences and to become a mental health advocate.

Since my dad serves as my fiduciary, I do not have to be concerned about my finances. He keeps me informed about all transactions, but also allows me to be as financially independent as I can be. I am responsible for taking care of what I can take care of.

My parents encourage me not to live a solitary life, but they also understand that sometimes I have to have alone time.

I have come to understand that my relationship with my caregivers has to be built on honesty. I have to be honest about whether or not I am taking my medication as directed; any alcohol consumption (I cannot have any alcohol!); and about my symptoms. If I’m not honest, it will affect me more than them.

For someone who does not feel that he/she has good support relationships from their caregivers, I would encourage them to write down what your expectations are and discuss them with those who are part of your life. A good caregiver will keep you from slipping through the cracks of bureaucracy, so don’t give up in your search until you find that person who can help you. I would also advise using www.nami.org tools as a safety net. Attending events sponsored by NAMI will bring positive relationships into your life. Some of those people may become great friends.

No one can go through their continuing recovery alone. I have learned that lesson. Maintaining good relationships with my caregivers is a vital part of being a mentally healthy adult.

