I woke up on the 3rd at 10 PM after sleeping for a few more hours. Carla suggested institutionalization. I’m terrified to be committed because of how it affected my aunt. She came back worse than when she went in. She went in with a chemical imbalance and came out a different person. Someone I slowly began to hate. Someone who lied to me constantly. Someone who neglected me and would eventually rob me of everything I was entitled to.

A boy needs a mother. I never had one. I had temporary blood relatives letting me live with them. They’re strangers. I lived primarily within my father’s side of the family. My mother was a severe substance abuser and constantly in a bad situation that led to traumatic events and have placed my life in serious danger. Melissa kidnapped me successfully at 17, before my senior year in school. She wanted to collect the rest of the benefits before I turned 18. She knew I had unaddressed mental illness and wanted to exploit that. She deliberately went out of her way to encourage me to apply for disability and pressured me for money and prescription drugs. I can’t trust myself these days and back then, I was being used by people I trusted. Over time, that trust breaks and today, I’m left with a hopeless sense of reality. I would like to have my benefits back. I would like to raise myself. I would like to try to fix these problems. If I need to be institutionalized, I accept with a heavy heart but I want to try and do this outside of hospitalization. I’m scared that I’m going to end up like my aunt.

I also remembered something. I was hurled from a bike in 2010 and broke my right elbow. My head hit the concrete very hard but it didn’t lead to anything serious but I’ve taken several blows to the head through out my life and I’ve also had a past habit of punching myself in the head.

I’m concerned that my many blows to the head have resulted in my aggression becoming more radicalized. I can’t (and I’m using that right here) let myself become violent and engage in violent behavior. I have had death ideations since I was a child. I was obsessed with death and terrified of it. I was placed in therapy, but they didn’t reach me like Carla and Atty have.

I am still terrified of Atty but I’m more scared of who I call my friends than I am either of them. Kylie will always be my primary trust and having her so close ensures that I don’t act on my urges and I’m willing to do what it takes to keep her. She’s my family, my home and my commitment. I’m committed to getting better for her sake so that I can repay her for giving me comfort when I was in hell. I’m not sure who I am yet, but I know what I am and I know that I can be the change I want in the world. I want to be cleaned of all of these unhealthy thoughts. I want to contain the anxiety spells that cripple my brain in panic and despair. I want to be healthy. I want everyone to be. I don’t want to let these thoughts guide me to homicidal behavior. I want a peaceful life where I can be free. Where I can live fully comfortably without worry and stress that lowers my life expectancy.