This afternoon, I was triggered by a knock on Kylie’s door. It was maintenance. Instantly, my anxiety was affected. I felt that surge of intense panic and fear. It greatly affected my cognitive skills and caused me to disconnect and dissociated instantly.

I have given Carla’s words some thought and if there’s no other way to stop the extreme homicidal ideations, I’m willing to be committed.

It doesn’t matter what a judge with a gavel thinks, I know I’m disabled and I know that I’m so far gone that I’m surprised no one else sees it. Kylie sees it. She’s been seeing it for ten years. I’m damaged and only through transparency and honesty am I going to be psychologically treated the right way.

I am trying my hardest to fight feelings and emotions that I have. I feel insecure that Carla might be scared of me and that makes me feel unsafe. I worry about what others think but I know I can’t lie and hide this darkness anymore. I have to be open so they can help me fix it and find out just what and why I dissociated, disconnect and lose time.

I’m glad I’m not an alcoholic, I’m glad I don’t drink. Nothing is worst than having to say “I don’t remember”. My brain is fragile. Not brain has trauma and wanting above cannabis is a risk. Carla says she’s concerned. I’m concerned, too!

The adderall has helped me the most and allowed me to be more focused on my behaviors, channeling them into words. I don’t want anyone to give up on me.

Image this;

You’re an experienced climber and you’re scaling a cliff. It’s high up there. You’re not even close but you’ve already made so much progress. You can’t see the tips of the top part of the rock you’re climbing, you just have the rock and your intuition is to climb the damn rock. You see others traveling faster than you. You’re getting tried while they’re in their prime of the climb. You start to realize that you are physically unable to climb the rest and there’s nothing in your limitations that will allow you to continue. What is your next move?

There is only one answer and that’s where I’m at in life. I can’t give up yet. I need help. I’m scared, I’m helpless, I’m timid, I’m tired, I’m resilient, I’m a berserk. I’m a self destructive enemy to myself and others. I’m a multi entity being with a manifestation of trauma and despair. I’m willing to fight for myself but I’m no clear representation to myself when I’m having intense suggestive urges that horrify me and manifest inside my head with great intensity. The desire to take a life is one that needs to be explored. I’m not going to take that leap. I refuse to take slaves in the “afterlife” or what ever happens on the other side. I just want to get through life with Kylie and be reincarnated as her twin sibling. I’m not here for the life here and now. I have a damaged brain and a weak body. I often wonder how the hell no one but my grandmother had the courage to tell me of my mothers extreme substance abuse use shortly before I was born. I had to learn it later on in life when I asked her what was wrong with me. I’m confused as to why this wasn’t documented, why no one talked about this and if it could possibly explain why I was born ultra sensitive and full of so much anger. Anger so vile it’s become my greatest fear. I’m becoming my own nightmare while I fear those behind bars.

I’m paranoid about a lot of things and one of them being my anger towards the justice system that denied me. I’ve had terrible ideations about the judge and I’m trying hard to forget his name because it’s easier that way. I’m going to try for the rest of my short life to get my disability case won. I fully qualify and right now, I qualify the most. I’m on a race against time, here. Life isn’t long and I’ve already taken a great chunk of my life living in denial about myself and living without an identity. I feel alien because I never got a chance to figure out who the hell I was and what I am. I’m a stranger I never knew trying to know the stranger I am based on the emotions I feel and the things I’ve done and said. I can only represent myself. I have ideations about breaking the fourth wall during the next court hearing and calling them all out for their corruption and involved effort to keep the severely disabled and mentally impaired off disability. I’m fired up and angry, I may not be an intellectual but I am damn sure educated in my rights and I feel that they were violated. I can’t trust lawyers because I don’t believe they’re good people just as I don’t think cops or D and R party politicians are. I’m paranoid that I’m an experiment. I’m being driven to this level of insanity so that I become a danger, a threat. I have to do something to motivate myself in the right direction. I can’t trust myself anymore but I can trust Kylie and I can trust Carla. I’m going to be okay if I can just stay off Facebook, I wake up before noon, I try to regulate sleep, I stop trying to take on more than I can for others who won’t do the same in return.

I’m convinced that Carla and Dr. Mehta are the only two who can help me. I strongly believe that my Complex PTSD is creating the dark ideations out of a vengeance complex caused from an entire life of oppression, injustice, severe trauma and abandonment.

I fully believe that cannabis treatment will be the most effective treatment in dealing with this and the other option (Xanax) which I don’t want to do, but if I’m unable to acquire 2 ounces a month, I am only treating a small part of my mental illness.

I currently raise $200 a month for cannabis, which I stretch into 30 days, which barely gets me by.

I’m unable to smoke when I dissociated because I lose time. I’ve gained control over this and problem solve until my emotions correctly fit the right words and actions. Marijuana slows down my brain allowing it to process complex emotions and specifically address anger before it becomes unstable. Smoking because I’m angry doesn’t work to decrease my anger unless my anger is that I don’t have weed to cope with my mental state.

A person with PTSD shouldn’t beg for treatment and panhandle. Neither should a diabetic. Neither should anyone who is treating an illness that without the medication, can have an environmental negative consequences.

I often say I don’t want to be here. I don’t. I hate that I was born into a life of struggle and that I didn’t get help sooner. I hate the bad decisions I’ve made. I can’t blame all my problems on my parents. My own neglect for the welfare of my mental health is why I’m writing and not doing political journalism anymore.

Learning who I am and working on mental health is a full time job. Maybe that judge should be paying the Carla and Atty. Clearly he doesn’t understand how hard this is for me and he has no idea what they think. I feel like the entire process was demeaning and I came out feeling disrespected from the hearing. I can’t trust a lawyer, I’m scared of them more than I am a politician. When Keller & Keller turned me down, I was conflicted and I’ve dissociated ever since. How can I expect someone to represent me when they’re too lazy to learn who I am when I’m STILL fighting through life to figure that out. I’m battling a life long battle with 4 mental illnesses; ADHD, BPD, C-PTSD and OCD.

It scares me a bit what Carla said about not being able to help me when she’s literally gotten me this far. I feel like she’s already done so much. Atty helped get me to a more trusting level so that Carla could treat me successfully. I’m using the techniques she’s taught me and I’m still sometimes in a state of complete anxiety and panic, I’m still trying to fight, just like now as I write this. I’m nervous because I’m so unsure of what’s going to happen. I don’t have a choice other than to let go and allow therapy to work.