My head hurts less today. I slept from 11PM to 2AM. I learned of another borderline/bipolar serial killer. I have to do all I can to not let that be me. I have to keep fighting my urges and my emotions. I have to respond correctly and calmly.

I will never be Lisa Montgomery. I will not never let my rage control me and I’ll never be a killer because I command myself to beat this mental illness and I don’t care where my life ends up, I refuse to allow this sadistic urge to kill to consume me like crops to a heavy storm.

I can be saved. I can be redeemed. I can be free one day. I have been in a mental prison and I’m up for parole. I’ve been a prisoner of my anxiety, my fear and most of all, my anger. I’m gaining control but my traumatic past and flashbacks are fighting me every step of the way.

I believe there are people who want me to fail. They’re very much real. They’re very much focused on me, despite me not knowing. I know what I’m capable of and so are they. They know that I’m a Communist. They know I’m an advanced structure of integrity and honesty. They know that I exist to threaten their ways of life with my existence. I am the underdog tale being told. A beautiful defying story of the struggle of someone born with severe mental illness.

I see things. Sometimes physical. Always mental. I see evil. I see good. I see suffering. I see destruction, terror, western media propaganda and outright lies. I have a gift. I’m a general for the left wing. I’m a proud member of the LGBTQ. I’m a proud supporter of Black Lives Matter. I’m a confusing concept that isn’t meant to be understood until I can understand it first.

I’m gay, I’m straight, I’m not, I’m nothing. Bisexual, A-sexual, non-sexual at all. I’m Brandon. I have no sexuality. I exist to find answers and play video games.

Who is Jesus to you? Who is God for that matter? An evil entity that exists to cause harm to a creation like a kid with a magnifying glass and an ant hill.

Jesus is the opposite of his so-called father and even more, god sacrificed his son to create a religion where you’re Jeffery Dahmer, fold your hands and ask for forgiveness and you get to go.

Fuck. That. Shit! If that’s why the devil exists, my money and practices should be towards devil. Not god. And poor Jesus, having such a difficult relationship with god, a father who has no respect for their child to intervene on their torture and execution.

I’m starting to feel like the protagonists and antagonists in the Holy Bible are nothing more evil being portrayed and made to brainwash us all. That book is pure fucking evil. The whole situation we have in the world is that their very Anti Christ will come from that book. They’re electing the lesser of two evils. We already had Trump. We’ll have another right wing regime. Biden is still there and has never been “left”.

I CAN’T FAIL MY MISSION.

I feel like my job is to find the contrarians and warn people. I feel it in my blood. My purpose is to observe and warn. And one of the things I’m warning them about is the mythology of evil books like the Holy Bible. Call it revenge; I’m short and I’m not allowed in Heaven.