I slept an entire day away again. Dreams of deep depression. I take the Minipress to remove nightmares. I have a target now.I have to stop myself from becoming Lisa Marie Montgomery. I cried so hard on the dream. It was related to church. It was a resurfaced trauma. I was having a mental breakdown at 15. Right now, my heart rate has increased. I am having a flash back. I’m going to document it.

I’m in a church camp. Strangers all around me. I’m in a place where I can feel safe but there’s no safety here either. There’s no one I can trust. No one as I can cling to. I’m hopeful to find someone to climb to. I’m desperate for acceptance and desperate to be loved forever. I don’t feel love at home. They just want friends and ship in the night conversation. Their love is always conditional and it hurts me inside because I’m not developing as a character. I’m stuck in a brainwashed state where I’m being treated as a stranger in a place where I am supposed to feel loved. Where I’m supposed to grow.

Bring it back. Talk about the distraction. Nintendo Gameboy. You aren’t too broken to me fixed, Brandon and every initial step I make for you will save you. I will build you and help you through this. It’s okay. You will escape this hell and you’ll be okay. You have to replace all your hate with love and find another way to cope. Murder isn’t the answer. Being hurt forever isn’t the answer. You have to trust the passenger to heal you and guide your actions towards go9d.

What if you had a million dollars?

I would give half to Kylie and give the rest to the people who need it like I did/do.

I’m losing it. I feel it but I’m not going to give up. I’m going to keep trying and keep having mental breakdowns in the bathtub. I’m sorry I can’t be accurate with my feelings so I can’t explain more. I need to reel in my feelings right now rather than face them. The dissociation won’t allow a clear understanding of my feelings. I can only say “sad”. Sad that it might be the seroquel causing it, sad that the weed might be contributing to it.

Note: I just had a very strong flashback of a mental breakdown between the age of 14 to 17. I remember crying and playing it off like a religious experience because that’s what I thought it was. And I remember others having similar experiences. I’m remembering cultish behaviors being deep rooted at an early age. I was being brainwashed and conditioned for hysteria and minionism.