“My brainwashing protocol”

Gog, Magog, Tubol and Rosh are programmed in my head from cultist Christians as places that will attack Israel. (From the cults) I feel like a religious Manchurian candidate just waiting for the code word that will flood memories of past trauma and abuse long forgotten.

The truth is, I’m at war with myself and there can only be one winner. The dark passenger is easily there to damn me. Everyday I’m alive, I owe it to Woodlands and my favorite person and people. I made a huge mistake not telling Heath Green about the cult. I was a fool to throw all that I had worked for away.

There was always one lie that I’ve recently began to hate, the rapture lie.

Christianity is a dangerous cult and it’s based on lies and exaggerations to sell every copy and create every believer. You can’t tell me that magically a man who died thousands of years ago is going to come back and take his believers to heaven and then we’re all supposed to worship some Antichrist.

It’s absolute bullshit and it’s harmful shit like this that creates evil narratives and religions that exist only because A PERSON MADE IT INTO ONE.

The real truth to all of this is science, energy, and most of all it’s based in logic.

The fact that a bunch of Christian cults exist with these ideas upset me because I chased that lifestyle, mentally ill, brainwashed and lost.

I am still finding myself and I’m learning, I’m progressing and I’m in a metamorphosis that will end smoothly like the end of a storm. I will naturally find my way. I will be more sharp, more confident, more comfortable and more human.

I’ve been on idle for ten years, like my brain was in storage, collecting dust, left damaged. I’ve been doing all I can to get better. Once Carla diagnosed me with mania, I knew that it was inherited from my mother. She is bipolar. I’m still exploring what I am, but I’m improved. I mentally feel years younger and more mentally stable. I feel control. I don’t feel the dark passenger leading my thoughts into the depths of the hottest hell, I don’t feel the urge to burn, damage or destroy. I have no urge to murder or take my life. I feel more responsible with no commitment to any moment. I’m free and I intend to keep it that way.

I will continue to write and I believe that when I can forgive myself and those who have damaged me, I can truly be at peace. My first steps towards that are this weekend. With respect to my new gift, I will not waste it with petty anger and I’ll be honest with love in my heart, as truly hard as that is. I’m going to have to introduce Mark and Skyler. I’m sure they’ll be a part of my future entries.

This is going to be kinda hard. My brain really is programmed like a serial killer’s. It kinda sucks. And it’s kinda cool. I get it and I don’t have to be “IT”. I’m sure if I didn’t get help and had stayed with Bancroft in Thompsonville, it would have happened. I don’t think I truly understood where I was headed before I met my favorite person and suppressed all of my past. I’m thankful that I have a gift I didn’t use as a curse. I’m going to be okay. I’m going to learn to be okay, too! I don’t have to be helpless and lose control. I can regulate sleep in the only way my body allows me to. I accept that I only have control over my actions and not my brain. These thoughts aren’t mine. They’re manifestations of trauma and suffering. They are human responses to traumatic affairs. I can only get help from those who can treat me. Just like when Atty diagnosed me with BPD, I had an enemy to fight. Not just a shadow in the dark. Same with Bipolar disorder. I can learn to be a better human and they can teach me how.




