The worst part of BPD for me is the simultaneous existence of the best case/worst case scenario. I have two realities going on in my head, and both are just as valid, and my emotions just keep vacilating back and forth between the two.

On the one hand, my wife is out cheating on me right now, I'm about to completely blow some really life changing possiblities, I'm a worthless fatty who should probably just end it all because everyone would be better off if I wasn't around.

On the other hand, my wife is having a much needed girls night out with her friends after having a difficult week (she didn't get a promotion she had been hoping for).

She'll return from this in a better mood, and I'm much better off for her being able to get support from her female friends that I can't match, even if I know how much she relies on my love and support. She won't know about all of the doubts and crazy going on in my head, because I'll keep shit locked down, and as far as she knows I'll just have been tinkering with my network and playing video games all night.

I've got three incredibly awesome job offers likely coming down the pipeline. For the first one, they even said at the end of the interview they were probably going to be creating a position for me because I was such a promising candidate. For the second, in the interview their verbage went from "whoever we hire will be doing..." to "so you'll be in charge of..." For the third, if they get the contract with my company, they've already offered me the top spot. If they don't get the job, I'm still (despite my worries) objectively stationed to get the same position with the other company who's bidding. In other words, I'm goddamned golden. There's a very real chance that in a month or two I'll be making more than my wife and I put together were making this time last year.

But yet... Those doubts linger. And for some reason in my mental math, it always comes down to the lowest common denominator.

Things could be awesome, but they could be horrible, so what's my reality? They're horrible.

I know in my heart of hearts that I'm that good; I'll somehow manage to fuck up all three job opportunities. No matter how much I know my wife is faithful, she's out for the night, which means she's out banging all sorts of dudes because they can actually satisfy her and not be the bucket of crazy she'll come home to tomorrow.

So I'll sit here all night, and drink, and stew, and distract myself. I've already overhauled a bunch of stuff with the network; it occured to me just today that the "worthless tinkering" I keep doing is why I'm apparenlty in such demand. But I'll sit here, and feel worthless, and just keep wishing that my life was just hooked up to a lightswitch, and I could turn it off.

I can't kill myself; I can't do that to everyone who knows me. But how awesome would it be to just stop being?

Tomorrow, I'll wake up, and plod along, and be fine, and celebrate all of lifes blessing, and go back to that other world where everything is good.

But tonight, for now, I'll sit here and wallow. I have my checks and balances in place, I won't let myself get too destructive. But damned if I'm not going to embrace the pain for a bit. Because, let's face it, that's my ultimate reality.