Tonight while driving with my 4-year-old in the car, we got on the topic of feelings. I don't remember what we were talking about, but I remember saying something to her along the lines of how when you're sad, sometimes it helps to "remember good memories from the past, think of good things that are coming, or thing of the all the great things you have right now." I also said something about how, "Every time you're sad, just remember that you'll feel better again soon. Sad things happen all the time, but good things come back, and happiness comes back." Later, my daughter said something like, "I'm a little sad, because I forgot to bring my [toy] monkey to Grandpa's house. But, it's okay, because I can just sleep with my monkey when I get back home."

I noticed that for my daughter, contentment is her baseline. Her reality is security and safety and giggles and warmth and support. Sure, she gets frustrated sometimes, or angry, or sad. But she always bounces back.

I posted here some time ago about finding a key to understanding my own depression. When I was a kid, if my dad left town for a long time, my mom and I would celebrate. I remember one time, he left town for a whole month and I will never forget HOW FUCKING EXCITING AND AWESOME I felt just marking off the days until that asshole left. We were always so much happier and more free without him around. But then the day of his return would approach, and we'd just start getting sad again, and scared.

My baseline, my REALITY, was my dad. Anxiety, fear, misery, longing, depression, desperation, cowering.

The good times were just reprieves. The contentment and security was just a treat. That wasn't reality.

Once my dad came home, we were never really sure when he'd leave again.

We never really knew when happiness and peace would come back.

But the fear and anxiety and sadness, we could rely on. It was real for us. It was our foundation.

That insight is just an insight...but it's sort of shown me that my reality was based on something that wasn't "normal"...security and warm feelings in a family should be what's "normal," something for a child to internalize and carry with her into the world. But mine was backwards. It was peace that I could count on to leave. Peace that I could count on to be temporary. Not anxiety.

My daughter is having the reverse experience, thankfully.

But for me...that's something I'm going to have to learn to teach myself.

I don't know what to do with this insight, but I felt compelled to share it right here. Maybe because you used the word "reality"...and it makes me so sad that you feel that this darkness is your reality...