so, i just went through kinda of a break up. Im aroace and my ex partner who was a friend is also aroace. he asked me for qpr (queer platonic relationship) where you and the other person decide how you want the relationship to go. he didn't communicate that for him we are still just friends who happen to call each other partners and may kiss or do sexual stuff and for me it meant that we are partners without romantic feelings. also to note he used go have bpd symptoms before therapy and i was just newly diagnosed with BPD and couldn't go to therapy. Two weeks ago he suddenly woke up and decided we cant be in a qpr anymore bcoz its stressing him out and when i communicated with him i understood that we had differences in the meaning of the qpr itself. Which would have been fine if he said lets talk and such and explained himself especially that he is always talk about how important in communication. So naturally i had a bpd episode bcoz suddenly this friend/partner whatever is like i cant handle this anymore and lets be friends only over a text. I didn't do sth crazy but my anxiety was so bad i couldn't handle eating anything and he was like im sorry i did it this way but also its not my problem that your body reacted this way. And even at some point he was like i don't want to discuss it anymore with you.

I blocked him for two days till i calmed down and understood what he meant about the relationship which i agree with him but also we both agree that his way of communication is like the worst and triggered a BPD episode. We talked again and we were fine. Again i don't mind just being friends i was gonna do tjis anyway for my own sake. And we got on video call bcoz he insisted and he was like i missed you so much, i was hardly waiting these two days without talking to you. I couldn't even send simple tktks to you and you are different than all my other friends and like he was upset that he is no longer my cat's dad and said that he cried to his friend over me and his mom noticed he was sad and stuff.

I was like trying to take it slow but he was like everything is the same just the name of our relationship. So next day again he was like good morning with a picture of him and everything like normal.

So i was like ok things arw normal ig?! And i was venting about my random thoughts and how my brain is like "you should be sad" and stuff like this not even heavy topics and then i said that hey, i already was treating you as a close friend and that was too much for you so can i know your boundaries now?!

Which i think is fair tbh?!

Anyway i finished my talk which yes took a lot of talking about random stuff but nothing was actually serious except the boundaries part With " aaaaa am i overwhelming you?!" Meaning the amount of talking that is normal for close friends, the thing he asked for.

And then he came back and was like sorry was sleeping so i gave him a summary that all of this is random venting with nothing serious and that what im actually asking is his boundaries. And we talked a bit and he said that no im not overwhelming him or anything and he had a course to attend and i slept and woke up to him saying that yes im overwhelming him and that he can't handle the headache of this friendship and he has to prioritise himself again and block me from everywhere as an "open break" and that he needs time to process what happened (mind you he processed the breakup a week before he told me wjth other friends and he chose to be friends and literally all the decisions were his)

I left him a message with a friend that i wished he would have talked to me and not do the same mistake again. My therapist was like "it seems like he hasn't recovered from bpd at all" but i can't help but feel that i might have done sth wrong in this whole relationship. Like maybe i was real too much and that overwhelming that i made him have bpd again.

Im kinda venting but id also appreciate your opinions about the whole situation. We haven't talked for a week now and seems liek he really doesn't want me in his lifa anymore so suddenly.