I just wanted to vent. There was this guy in my college class who I had a small crush on and at the beginning of the year we were able to introduce our selves to each other and exchanged contact info in case we wanted to talk about notes/topics/homework etc. He was tall with curly hair and a great smile which was something I liked about him. I always felt awkward or shy trying to talk to him so I would start the convo with "was the quiz hard?" One particular conversation I remember he jokingly told me "I see that game you play , you're getting better at it each time."( he sometimes sat behind me so he could see my screen) I sometimes wouldn't see him in class because he told me that he commutes 20-30 mins and since attendance isn't mandatory he would feel lazy and not come but whenever he would come sometimes he would talk to one of the other guys after class and I felt awkward trying to butt into their conversation. Sometimes when I walked into class late and if he was there he would look at me and give me a small smile. Flash forward to last month he finally attended class one day and after class I decided to walk with him and start the convo by saying "did you go to class last week? I didn't" and then I asked him if he ever considered doing acting/modeling work ( I am involved in acting/modeling myself) because he is attractive to me and he does have that supermodel look in general, to my surprise rather than look at me and think I'm weird he said back that he was considering it lately but didn't know where to start, our conversation went pretty well to the point where we talked about many other topics.

Here comes the part where I ruined things. I decided to buy a small bag of chocolates to give him as a small christmas gift . I texted him and said "are you going to be on campus this week ? I want to give you some chocolates as a small gift." he ended up leaving me on read. I sent the message Friday night. Now I want to send a message and say something like " I meant that for someone else," "I'm sorry I didn't mean it that way," I feel so much regret I should not have done it so early.


