Oh where to start.... i guess ill start with im 29. I've had an fp online for around 6 years now. We used to play games a lot but slowly that lessened when she got into a relationship. I was the first one she turned to when they split, and we went back to always talking until her next relationship, then I slowly fell away. I let her know about being worried of being forgotten about, left behind, all of it. I was assured I wasn't going to be. They split and I was back again. Until the next relationship... then I slowly felt more and more that I was being replaced. Was reassured I wasn't, so sat around until they split. Then I was back around for a small bit until the next relationship. Now I've been fighting back more and more the fear, but have only told her in discord. I already have people telling me " im always playing the victim " in the discord server, so I kept it all in dms, so to make sure no one else would jump on that band wagon. Tonight I made a joke " I take one nap and things changed " in the server ( a channel was made locked while they all were playing games ) to which I was met with being told im always putting our friendship down, always worrying/having fears of being left behind, and that it wasn't a joke, all out in the public channel. My fp is the one who did this. It cut me deep, thinking I was being attacked for my fears, and having things I kept in dms, put out in the server for everyone to see and use against me. I removed myself from the channel, removed my roles, and removed my discord. Eventually I was messaged that I always put our friendship down, and cause everyone to hurt with my jokes. I'm locking myself away from my fp until I can get past the fears and worries, and if I can't, then I guess its time to move on. She knows everything about why I have these issues, why I feel this way, the trauma that caused it, but still put out my fears and worries in a channel visible to all of her " friends " that I only shared in dms. I honestly don't know anymore


