So, today she was rude to me kind of like jokingly but she always does that and it feels bad to me that its kind of beclme "normal" that she says rude shit to me.

I asked if we were gonn fuck today since she always asks like that if we are drunk and we were drinking today. She answered no and I aaked why and she just said kind of jokingly " because I dont want you" is that normal? because to me it is pretty mean and then I just went kind of silent because idk maybe I have adapted that from her that when I do something that pisses her off or hurts her that she goes quiet. Also because I dont know what else to do. Then later she wanted to talk to me about it. We talked about it jut she just seemed so defensive and tried to justify her behaviour anf stuff. I asked her to apologize but she didnt really apologise sinserely. She just said kind of "Okay sorry, but (bs explanations here)" so after I asked again and she did that. Theb I asked the third time and told her exactly what I want to hear. "I am sorry for saying no I dont want you" and then ahe just got really angry and told me that she apologolized already twice to me and told me that im manipulative and stuff and left. This is like the biggest problem she never realises that she did something wrong and never apologizes to me. And she keeps saying mean stuff like that kind of "jokingly" but I have told her before that its not okay. Now I dont know what happening but she messaged me before about realising that I am being so manupilative and stuff and that shes glad dhe fibally realised that so I guess she kind of broke up with me again? but I said to her that I am done with shit like that like if u break up again with me then its done im not coming back to beg for you to come back. Idk what the point of this is but its just so fucked how things went frlm like 0 to fucking 100 so quickly. All I wanted is a sincere apology for what she said to me and I explained to her that it felt bad for me but then now I am a manipulitave piece of shit and she is probably leaving me again I assume. When i first found oyt she has BPD and told her, she was agteeing with me. But nowadays she just denies everything anf when I even mention BPD she gets angry. She also wont get help or wont let me try somehow to help. Idk wtf to do she is my first girlfriend and I am so in love with her and cant even imagine living without her. What the hell do I do??? I also keep forgetting what I am aboy to write in this post since I am a little drunk so its kind of a messy post. K just want someone to say something helpful or atleast something soothing idfk. I want to fix her but I know that I cant fix her but I also know that she wont get help unless I help her or I get her to get help. I dont know man just say something.

Also if you are reading this Kata, this is pretty awkward idk but I hope you know im not a piece of shit. I really do love you, a lot.

UPDATE: now she asks me if she can come sleep over, I said "why?" then she said "nevermind" what is this? Some kind of manipulation or her trying to see if I care anymore or something (we dont live together) to me it just semeed like shes trying to hint that she got some other place from some other guy where to sleep so she said nvm, and she knows im a very jelaous person and she knows specifically why. (she also lives with her mom and is underage for context) am I just delusional or does that make any sense?

