long story short... she split on me cuz i talked with someone online for 2 hours... it was hell.. replaced me in less than 24 hours with someone... after saying i was her only friend tho on the next day and day before telling me that she is doing X with a friend or her other friends says Y... and it took her 2 months to even call me a friend for the first time... anyways... she somehow is in contact with me... but what she said... fucks me up.. haha...
i know her for 10 fucking months, i fucking love her... i also went through that time when as she said she "lost interest" and pretty much ghosted me for nearly 3 months.. after we knew each other for 3 months... i was trying to keep in touch and we somehow started talking again, worse time in my life...

what she said was...
"
Also i fell in Love yesterday

I was in a livestream of a Japanese cosplayer

She was so pretty
"
i feel so fucking jealous haha... yesterday she also replaced me... cuz i talked with someone for 2 hours in a call.... cuz i asked for help in a game from somone random online... also of course i showed her all the chat... obviously... that i met that person on the same day, and haven't talked since then....

now the problem... haha... is she talking about the cosplayer... or the person she replaced me with.. haha... i came back from work few hours ago... and heading again in few hours... working evening shift then morning... ig this night i am unable to sleep..... tho i hardly slept yesterday also... i feel so fucking terribly... since she said that in few messages... i felt like i fucking died when she said she fell in love yesterday... and that was the first thing i saw... idk what to do anything... or how to cope with this feeling... please guys... if you can help i will really appreciate it... i am healthy... no bpd... i mean... i got few symptoms in the time i knew her... and i wasn't perfectly healthy either... but i am not the person with bpd here...

omfg i feel terrible even just writing it... haha... btw.. it hurts so much when she said she plays chest when we just met... and i was asking her every now and then for 10 months to make a game with me... but then to randomly hears to that she plays it with her friend.... when i am her only friend by her words... i don't need or want to be her only friend... but the fact that she says it and on the next days says something about other friends sure hurts... and a lot.. well.. i will prob delete it later... sorry for such a long and weird text... ig i am waiting? idk...

when we talked about it yesterday... she was saying that i am so calm and in my place she would feel terrible, if she would make someone to whom she was the only friend feel that way or do something like that... because 2 hours is supposedly a lot... tho whenever i said something like "i am jealous" and some smiley face... she would say "idc"... and then when i meantioned it she said she is a selfish person... i decided to leave that topic since i will just make it worse... what was then.. eh... oh right... she said i was calm... i always seem calm tbh... especially with her... since i don't want to bother her with me being stressed or anything... well... i said something a little manipulative, that i can't believe that anyone would ever like her more than i do, that she is really important to me and that i don't want to loose her... ig it's the only time i was ever manipulative and i was aware of it... which makes me feel worse... but the fact that she though i was calm really freaked me out... since then i got calm again right away... but she thinkgs i am manipulative now... idk what to do... haha... i wanted to show her that i am not calm... but well... yeah... she also never talked with me in a call... nor i really know how she looks like... or anything about her or her family, but that she got 2 half brothers and step sister... her mother's name and bday i got by accident... and even if i try to ask one of their names or even birthdays... she wont tell me.... well... idk what to say... i am fucked haha... oh god i hoped she meant that cosplayed on that stream... rather than my replacement hahahahaha... well... no self harm today... since she once wanted me to do it as apologize... i sometimes started doing it when she was ghosting me... but she doesn't know about that nor will ever know... well... my hand is fucked... i knew it was a point of no return... and she only wanted me to do it once.... but.. it was just a point of no return to do it that one time... i am surprised i haven't done it... the message about the cosplayer at the stream literally stopped me for doing it like the 4th day in a row... haha... and the more i do it...

if it lasts for at least 1 more week.... i will go to a therapist... that's a promise i made to myself or a decision... idk how to explain it... also her birthday is in a little over 2 weeks... damn i fucking lover her... but since that time she split and pretty much ghosted me for 3 months... when that started she said that saying that made her uncomfortable... and recently saying that " i miss her " also makes her uncomfortable... so i had to stop both of this.. there were few more things like that... but yeah... i wonder if the reason she split that time... 5 or so months ago... was that i said few times that i want to marry her because of how amazing she is... or the dream the day before... as she was saying... in which i was mad at her...

oh god i wonder if anyone will ever read it lol... probably no... nor i care.. but ig venting kinda helped.. but i can't stop thinking about that she "fell in love yesterday" and replaced me yesterday....... haha... oh god i wonder if i can ask about that... i did... but haha... probably more time being blocked....

