I’ve been watching a lot of shows (haven’t we all tbh) lately and seeing people living normally onscreen makes me so sad. I’ve become so used to how we’re living now that it sometimes trips me out to see people without masks on TV. I hate that going to the grocery store gives me intense anxiety now and that Wal-Mart feels like a goddamn battle zone for me lmao. I hate how paranoid and helpless I’ve been feeling. I hate that I’m afraid to leave my house and fear every time my loved ones do too. I hate that my boyfriend and I feel like we’re in a long distance relationship when he’s only 40 minutes away haha. I hate that I can’t hold my baby cousin and see his chubby lil face. I hate that I can barely see my loved ones outside of the house and I worry about them every day. I hate that I have to plan how I can do basic things like going to the post office or going to work just to minimize exposure. I hate that the government where I live is basically useless in keeping us safe and they just keep prioritizing money over our health. I hate that almost no one in Hawai’i (where I live) is taking it seriously anymore, tourists are still coming in, and our numbers are literally tripling by the day.

My OCD and anxiety has kicked into an intense high gear ever since this happened and it’s so emotionally draining. And it doesn’t help that every extreme precaution I take for my parents sake, they don’t follow. Whenever I get home from work or the store, it’s like a 30 minute process of sanitizing all my belongings that I brought, showering, washing my clothes, and cleaning my hands a million times. But my family doesn’t do the same so I’m worried that it’s all for nothing. We’ve luckily been ok for the most part and I feel privileged to be able to say that. I feel a little silly complaining, but as a house full of essential workers (aside from my dad who got fired from his job at the beginning of COVID after 19 years) I’m just constantly on edge. I just wanna protect all my loved ones and I feel like I can’t. And I know I can’t. I just wish I could.