I recently started the long process of getting a diagnosis and help for my anxiety. I haven't even gotten to a psychiatric nurse yet, not to speak of a doctor or an actual psychiatrist, but I have talked to the nurse who took first initiative in my case. She was very kind and offered to meet me face to face a few weeks before the psychiatric nurse appointment so I wouldn't have to wait well over a month to get any progress at all. During my appointment with her we quickly got to at least one of the reasons as to why I'm so anxious and it helped me realise that I have actually been prone to anxious behaviour from a young age.

What's now bothering me is that after the appointment I started to realise that I was indeed displaying signs of anxiety or trauma responses as a child but none of the adults in my life actually noticed it or cared enough (or maybe knew enough) to do something about it. Absolutely no one. I had both of my parents and many many teachers who just ignored all of it and that is probably one of the reasons I'm such a mess today. I did not get the help I needed as a child and now everything is a million times worse.

Now every time I get an anxious spell I cannot stop thinking about how the people who were supposed to care for me failed me horribly. It got even worse yesterday when my mother told me a story of her completely ignoring some quite alarming behaviour because she thought it was just a quirk of mine. I had an event I consider traumatic during my first ever swimming lesson in 1st grade. Long story short, the swimming instructor was angry screaming at me because I, as a 7 or 8 year old child, couldn't float on my own yet. After this event I completely stopped doing everything that had to do with swimming even though playing in the lake with floaties on was one of my favourite summer activities before the incident. I didn't continue swimming until over 5 years later when I finally learned how to swim due to mandatory swimming lessons as a part of school sports. Even now almost 20 years later I get anxious at the smell of swimming pools and chlorine and I avoid swimming halls, especially the one where it happened.

Yet somehow, my own god-damn parent, who was often overprotective of me, didn't think there was anything alarming about that. She was telling the story like it was just a weird little thing I chose to do, one of those funny little childhood anecdotes. And the swimming incident is just one of the many different events I remember, where I displayed anxiety symptoms and no one took them seriously. I just want to be angry and scream at everyone who did not notice my problems but that's never going to happen and I know that one day I will just have to make peace with the fact that most of them will never know how badly they failed me. But today is definitely not that day.