Hi, I'm a mexican male in my 30s, I live in Mexico and all my life I've been always distracted. "Ido" , "te vas a la luna" that's what my mom and brother always say. I have no diagnosis of anything, but my family always tell me im Lazy and distracted, smart, weird, that I speak my mind without thinking about the consequences, and that I can't read social queues.

So I don't know where to write about this problem that I have and I hope this is the place.

I've been with 4 psychologists and only one told me that I might have something, and that should go with a neuropsychologist but she never wanted to tell me what suspiction might have. I always delay all kind of written work to the late nights hours of the day. Like this comment, It's midnight and Im just started to work but instead and writting about my private life.

One of the things I have is I have fantasies playing in my mind and sometimes I act those fantasies or move my mouth and some classmates and my famliy have seen me do that, I can't control the fantasies, but it's like a narration thing. I start thinking a lot about something and I start moving my hands and my mouth. Until my mom or brother tell me to stop it.

Also I consume a lot of adult videos and I play a lot of video games, but every 3 months I delete eeverything then I dowload things again. It always happens every 2-3 months, I al so feel really sad every 2 weeks for 3or 4 days.

They said I should stop that because people will think Im a crazy person and those people could attack me or bullying me. But I can't stop, even if I don't want to do it i keep doing that. One psychologist told me it was how I process information. That I have a lot of information going in my head and that's how i process it.

Besides all of this I'm a teacher and I had the whole weekend to register my students grades and make clases but neither of those tasks I did. How I suppouse to make my students to deliver in due time their work if I can't do the same?

I've always been like this, since I was in kindergarden. So maybe im just lazy and distracted wanting to have a label to be special.

But I dont like it. I always imagine that I finish early and go to bed early and that im succesful but no its the opposite. And all the crazy thinks that I do I do it even alone

It's society that is right and I'm just lazy? if so why i cant enjoy being lazy? and im just spoiled? or I have something going on? Even if I have something then I can't do shit because any syndrome or disease or illness are incurable and I would only have a social stigma even more.

Maybe I like the adrenaline rush, but then I feel so stress when its pass midnight and I have just started any homework.

What the fuck It's wrong with me? Why I can't just start things? why I can't enjoy my lazyness then?

why i can't just stop then? I have a lot of projects in my mind but it takes a lot of effort and I always delay them.


