Ok, just insanely po'd and need to vent to others that will get it.

Been calling my psychiatrist for a refill on my methylphenidate since March 2nd.

He'll only give me one script at a time, but only requires me to see him every 3 months (had been years with another doc at his practice going every 6 months, and she'd give me 3 scripts at a time, 2 would just be future dated - sadly, she went into private practice not taking insurance anymore).

So, he has no issue with my dosage or anything, but just puts me into a situation where I have to call the office - which never answers - leave a message, and hope. Last time, I ended up going two weeks without meds.

This time, I planned, and started calling with about a week's worth of meds left (beginning March 2nd), and then stretched what I had a little by taking half doses when I wasn't hearing back from the doc. Took my last half dose this morning, and left my 5th and 6th messages asking for a refill - the practice has two locations, never answers the phone, and their phone options lead to different voicemails which cause me to be uncertain which one is the proper one to leave messages on - so, I leave messages in both places.

I'm leaving the country for over a week on Friday, and even once the refill does get called in, I have to deal with needing essentially two scripts worth of med (I take two 54 mg extended release a day) during a time that the Adderall shortage is effectively causing a methylphenidate shortage too, as people switch meds to try to deal. So, I'll potentially have to run around and call the office back to get the script transferred if the first pharmacy can't fill the script.

Essentially, I'm expecting I won't have meds until sometime after I get back from my trip and it drives me absolutely bonkers that there's effectively not a d@mn thing I can do about it, and the fact this whole system is basically a constant middle finger to us who actually need these meds. It's easier to get weed legally in my state now.

Thank you for my time. 😞

Edit: Should have noted, I'm in the US.


