I'm 26 years old and finally facing the reality that I, too, probably have ADHD. My therapist of 3 years mentioned it to me last week, and asked if I have ever been diagnosed.

I said no, and figured that I never had it myself, due to scattered research I've done over the years, and a general aversion to (self) diagnoses. I also have figured that ADHD is an appropriate response to the current world we live in, and as it has developed in the past 20 years or so (whole other rant I can get into another time).

Though I have been diagnosed with depression and anxiety, and have accepted those since I was about 12 or 13 years old. I figured those were my two main beasts.

I used to think of ADHD as only being hyper active, always needing a project, being a busy body, being fast talking and bouncy, having so much energy it's hard to focus on anything, prone to being messy or unorganized, etc. When I think of myself, and as I'm sure people close to me would describe me, those traits don't really come up.

I am pretty slow moving, desiring of quietness and having 'nothing' to do, low energy, pensive/an overthinker, I did okay in school and was able to get through college (despite being severely depressed for most of it), I am able to get through most tasks at work, even if with a lot of anxiety and distractions along the way, etc. But I'm now learning that ADHD is a bit more than this.

I've had a much more obvious decrease in executive function in the past few months, though it was always there. The main thing that has changed is that I finally live by myself, something I've wanted for a long time, but am having a difficult time adjusting to.

I haven't folded or put away my laundry in months. My bed hasn't had sheets or pillowcases in months.

My dirty clothes are in piles and mounds on the floor or splayed on chairs. My dishes stack in the sink for days.

Clean dishes don't usually make it back to their appropriate places. Going to work has become increasingly difficult and there hasn't been 1 day this year yet where I haven't felt extreme depression, sense of dread, and exhaustion before going in.

This happens to me very quickly, at every job I have. The first few months are okay, then by the 1st year I'm feeling completely burnt out.

So far I've completed 2 full years at my current job, and it's the best job I've had given my values, skills, and my Sociology degree, but I still feel so depressed while I'm there. I'm a caseworker, helping connect people to state services, so while it's not too physically draining, it has become very emotionally and mentally taxing for me.

I think the lack of executive function wasn't as obvious to me for so long because I've always lived with several other people, and would pressure myself to keep up with maintenance tasks so I wouldn't be judged. I never invite my friends to my house because it's a fucking mess and it's tiny.

In the past, I would just tell myself, maybe I'm just messy and depressed right now, and not think that ADHD has anything to do with it. But I realize that I do WANT TO do a lot of the things I set my mind to, it's just that it feels like a brick wall pops up instead and the main option becomes 'just go to bed'.

Because I can't complete these tasks I deem to be 'simple', I get anxious, depressed, and angry with myself. I want to leave my job, but feel like I can't, for so many reasons.

I want to live, enjoy my life, and have the energy to get some of my daily tasks done. The tasks that have nothing to do with feeding into a capitalist or destructive machine even, but are necessarily for just regular ass day to day functioning.

But I'm running out of spoons and it's not just coming from nowhere. I feel like I try to make progress on a thing, but instantly get overwhelmed by how big it feels, then struggle to get anything started at all.



