Long story that I’ll try to keep brief: have seen several doctors and none are able to prescribe the medication they say I need. I’m now off work on medical leave for my mental health, trying to get things back in some sort of order. Feeling incredibly stuck and would appreciate any advice, please.

— In the fall of last year, I received my official diagnosis of ADHD from a psychologist I’d been working with for many months. As psychologists are unable to prescribe medications here (Ontario, Canada), we began trying many non-medication strategies for managing ADHD—all of which were unsuccessful, ultimately. The psychologist recommended I work with a doctor to get a stimulant medication, which they claim would make a huge difference.

As I don’t have a family doctor (and have been on a waiting list for one in my city for over 2 years), I tried a clinic doctor who had been managing all of my other medications virtually since the start of the pandemic. They were unable to prescribe a stimulant over the phone, but seconded the ADHD diagnosis and my need for a stimulant medication.

I then tried a local clinic that I could visit in-person, where I saw a clinic doctor. They again confirmed the diagnosis and need for meds, but said the clinic’s policy is to not prescribe stimulant medications to walk-in patients—and that they aren’t taking new patients for their roster, so are entirely unable to help me. They gave me a referral to a psychiatrist, but said expect it to be 6 months before hearing back. They also said that an emergency room doctor might be able to prescribe it if I went to a hospital, but I run the risk of getting noted as “stimulant-seeking” and have issues in the future getting any other meds.

I’d read on this group about TalkWithFrida, so started that process. However, the result of my screening was “you need to see a psychiatrist” and that they can’t help me—I assume because I admitted to having been diagnosed with a personality disorder? So they’re not an option either, it seems.

I’m on a max dose of Wellbutrin for mood stabilization, and the clinic doctor said that Wellbutrin is the only non-stimulant medication they’d recommend for me (apparently already being on Wellbutrin makes the other non-stimulant meds not an option).

Last week this all came to a breaking point for me, combined with massive stress from struggling at work. I’ve been diagnosed with occupational exhaustion (burnout) and given two weeks of unpaid medical leave to get myself back together.

I’m feeling incredibly stuck in my situation and don’t see any options. All of these doctors are sympathetic but say there’s nothing they’re able to do given the laws/rules around stimulant medications. There must be some other avenue I can try, right? What am I missing here?

Thanks for any help or support.



