im a 19yo college student thats been in a rut for several years now, tired of bullshit, so i figured i would come clean to the world in some way.

im in a low tier frat, the brothers dont have good habits and dont encourage each other much.

i have mild pectus excavatum, i dont like how it looks but it fucks with my aerobic capacity, im 6' 165lbs fairly slim but just running for a couple minutes gets my heart rocketing. i probably have like a 40 vo2max at best lmao. i want to walk on to our D3 soccer team by the time im a senior but thats a long shot if i cant get my endurance way way up.

i feel tired all the time. i fall asleep around 5 am, i probably have low T, i have diagnosed ADHD, im doing bad in my classes (despite wanting academic success badly when its time to go to class somehow i just dont get up).

oh and my eyesight is bad. i have glasses but i dont wear them because i dont want my vision to get worse, so i just cant recognize people's faces 10 ft away / can't read street signs etc, doesnt help my prospects of making our D3 team either.

its really demoralizing when you look back on your life and realize it has been a long string of spontaneity because of such a lack of natural dopamine levels you never stick with anything for longer than a couple months. im in a good university because i randomly started hyperfixating on math when i was young and got into a positive cycle. but when you realize 99% of the projects goals and aspirations you had never panned out bc you never stuck with them, that shit hurts, where's my self-agency?

=============

when i think about an ideal or good life a couple years down the road, i think of diminishing the effect ADHD has on my life, increasing my natural T levels energy ability to sleep etc, being on our D3 team (because that means i was able to stick with a hard ass plan and make it happen, prove it to myself). of doing well in classes because im not overwhelmed by a minimal amount of work, and even being in a position to help others because i have my own shit on lock.

i would like this to be seen as an optimistic post. even through all this shit, i've never been able to shake my natural tendency to believe in myself and others, in change. i just felt like i had never told anybody about this shit and needed to get it off my chest.


