2nd one because I just need to vent so bad :(

I’m so tired of living this life. I’m not suicidal, but fuck I wish I wasn’t alive or never born so I wouldn’t have to deal with this.

Every night I set my sights on waking up early to get ready for work, and every morning I refuse to get up until that absolute last possible minute. I drive to work hoping I get in an accident so I don’t have to go. Even though I like my job and coworkers. I slug through the day saying I’m gonna go home and just go to sleep. And then I feel guilty and make myself stay up and do something meaningless. And then I feel guilty that I wasted time I could’ve spent sleeping. Then I repeat every day.

I don’t know if it’s impulsivity or what, but I hate myself for the way I act during a fight with my boyfriend. He’ll ask me to leave so he can have his space and I won’t leave. I stay and I keep going and keep arguing even tho he keeps asking me to go. And I just won’t. I know it’s wrong. In those moments I’m telling myself how wrong I am and I just need to go. But I won’t or can’t. I don’t know why??? And of course that escalates to him getting really upset and yelling at me. Which if the situation was reversed I would too!!!

I’m tired of being overstimulated by everything. Music a little too loud? Brain hurts- and not like a headache, it just hurts. Sock feels weird? Can’t function till it’s right. My dogs playing? Drives me crazy. Too many noises at one time? Too many cars driving around me? Everything is too much.

I’m tired of complaining all the time over every things that hurts my feelings or over stimulates me. Cause on one hand - hey that really hurt my feelings please don’t do it- but on the other hand- I do that about everything. Everything hurts my feelings. That’s not fair to the one person I complain about and to.

But on the other other hand- what if I only feel likes that’s not fair to them because they tell me. What if I’m actually right and should be saying these things.

I hate life


