I recently went in to get a ADHD/ADD diagnosis. It was mainly cause I thought ADHD/ADD medication could help me a lot day to day with surviving University.

I'm in the Netherlands so I had to do this through my GP (which has it's own issues). I've been waiting for over half a year.

I conclude the screening process and they tell me that while yes, I have many traits that indicate ADHD/ADD, they can not diagnose me (and thus provide ANY help) because my Autism is "fronting" (aka. it's more immediately obvious that I'm autistic). They told me to "address" my autism first and then if "there's any ADHD left" I can get a diagnosis.

First things first, the GP frickin knew that I have an autism diagnosis, why'd they make me wait for over half a year for a place that doesn't even handle the more obviously autistic ppl (was I supposed to mask??? what the frick).

Second thing's second, it's not my fault the diagnostic place didn't look closely enough at my files, they could have redirected me, there was a mention of my autism diagnosis there :').

Third thing, "any ADHD left"??? what do you want my autism to get cured???? that's not a thing???? they said that they're aware of the large overlap between ADHD and Autism, especially in the Autism->ADHD direction, and yet, they "can't" do anything because my autism is more immediately obvious??

I just wanted some help. I'm so sick of dealing with not being able to focus on studying or assignments. I hate the sheer magnitude of energy it takes to initiate and finish tasks, even the ones I enjoy (god the amount of unfinished games / series 🫠). I'm so done with all of my sleep issues and the constant under-stimulation and consequential permanent jitteryness because I desperately need SOMETHINGGGGG. Now I'm gonna have to either wait even more, probably this time a whole year,because I'm a couple months away from finishing my bachelor, and master's is probably gonna be in a different country. I'm gonna have to relearn the whole procedure in a different country and hope and pray that they don't dismiss me because I'm also Autistic (that and also afab & stuff, funnnnnn),

While in the meantime I'm struggling to find the energy & motivation & time & will to live, to take care of myself & take care of academia & not have my mental health go to shit.

My parents are gonna try to find something for me in Poland, but my next break is in now slightly over a month, and I don't rly trust polish healthcare system.

Here's to hoping ✨🫠


