a rant about my life...

am i ever going to be okay? i'm an 18 years old brazillian girl. i've had a lot of trouble with school throughout my whole life. when i was a little kid, i used to get a lot of complaints from my teachers, the usual cliche "she's an a+ student, but talks too much", and eventually it got worse, my mom got a letter from my teacher saying i needed a psychiatric consultation (kind of ordering her to take me to one, that was how things worked) because i was too aggitated, aggressive and loud, and i really was... i used to be really aggressive with my friends (even being physical with them) and my teachers, and coudn't stay in my chair too long so i used to mess up the whole class just because i coudn't stand still (at least that is what i remembered), but i was just a little kid, dealing with so much judgement from everyone... i got diagnosed with adhd at the time, i think i was 6 or 7 years old. i grew and kept having trouble with school, now failing 2 years, one when i was 8 and one when i was 12. i had difficulty with the loud noises and the always moving school environment, getting diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder the 2nd year i failed school. now i'm having quite a normal life, except i quit school and i'm having difficulty paying attention to life in general lol everyone says i'm fine but i feel like everyone is too fast paced compared to me. it's not like i'm hearing complaints about me again but i just know something is different in the way i am wired. it's weird. i lost a first job opportunity due to this, everything was too much at once and i just couldn't learn and i'm so afraid of this happening to me again. i feel dumb. anyway, adhd-wise i've tried consulting professionals to get either medicated or go to therapy again, but the healthcare of my region is pretty bad and i don't have the money yet to go to a better psychiatrist. the ones i did go said i was fine because i've always been "smart" and "learned fast" in school but it isn't just that, is it? i have a lot of unsaid problems in my daily life now and i don't know what to do, no one seems to realize my struggle and my family says i'm exaggerating or i'm playing the victim and that i'm looking for a problem in myself, when i'm not looking, i'm just trying to fix it to live a better, more focused life... i've never talked like this about my problems, i'm very suffocated and confused. i'm sorry if anything seems disrespectful, i'm not used to talking about adhd in general, people in my social circle don't seem to understand or make fun of me because "it's obvious" or they stereotype the whole thing when i try talking about my problems. i'm almost an adult now, looking for an actual diagnosis, because daily life is harsh, i feel very lost and tired. i'm tired of dropping things and my family is not believing in me because of this. it's been hard.


