I am still getting used to knowing I officially have ADHD. As time go by I thought to myself "If I was diagnosed earlier maybe I could get help earlier than now,"

I never really did well in middle school mainly because I was not getting enough help with my learning disabilities. I only had it for two classes, Math and English. I struggled heavily in Science and tried to get help but they never really did anything. I only got all my help in high school which helped me pretty well.

College is alright since I have accommodations. Sometimes although I wished I did better in my schooling because I would at least know I tried. When I was 13 I was diagnosed with GAD which it made 10 worse with ADHD because I would be super hesitant towards things (ex: Push back appointments and meetings).

Another thing is sensory issues! I can't stand being in loud or crowded spaces for a while. I often would wear my small headphones in case but I am always of my surroundings since I don't listen to music. I also get sensitive hearing firetrucks and trains. Often my partner would cover my ears when he knows when they are coming when he is with me which I appreciate. But sometimes I get overstimulated at home especially. I watch over my special needs sister which gets tough sometimes because there are moments when I just need a break but can't because I am always told to keep an eye on her.

I just feel like sometimes I can do better with my life. I have moments where I am in this routine but then It messes up and I felt like I finally got myself together but it crashes again.

As well during the time I started noticing I had ADHD symptoms I remember telling some of my close friends and partner. One person in particular who is no longer my friend because she was toxic became dismissive stating "I don't think you have ADHD I know some friends who say that and they don't". And I started telling her that it was not up to her to say and that it is up to the psychiatrist. She knew my history too which pissed me off. I ended up cutting her off.


