I’m autistic, and as a kid, I was thrown into special ed before I even had the chance, and I was never given any form of academic validation whatsoever

At ages 6-7 up until I got pulled out of public school at around age 15-16, I was constantly being ridiculed by teachers in front of all my pears, being verbally berated and told that I’m a failure and that I’ll never be successful. Being told these things at the ripe age of 6-7 years old while seeing the rest of your peers metaphorically receive back rubs by those same teachers, it sticks with you for life

Once I discovered the autistic community, I finally felt like I wasn’t alone and that I could have people to finally relate to. Well, for only a short period of time

Until I realized that a lot of people in the community have experienced “gifted kid burnout” which is basically being given every form of academic validation as a kid until to the point to where they face burnout and are no longer that kid that teachers expect them to be. In short, going from “wow gifted kid” to “feeling like a failure” which is a very devastating situation to be in. Don’t get me wrong, in no way I’d ever invalidate other neurodivergent people’s experiences in the school system, as the system screws everyone over. But I feel as though everybody talks about “gifted kid burnout” and nobody ever talks about “special ed kid burnout”

For instance, you see most posts about the former gifted kids, most of them are relatable memes and safe spaces for them to go to. You never see any safe spaces (or even one safe space for that matter) for us “former special ed kids” All the posts you see about us “special ed kids” are nts mocking and belittling us into oblivion

I feel sick by saying this, but I almost wish that I had been “former gifted kid” so that way I would’ve entered the school system without a negative label. So that way I would’ve received the academic validation and the positive reinforcement that everybody else got as kids. I know I would’ve still ended up feeling miserable but I honestly think I would’ve been better off mentally had I been a former gifted kid. As a kid, I would always see teachers praising the gifted kids, telling them how smart they are and how much they’ll be successful. Whereas with me, I was constantly being verbally berated in front of all my peers saying how ret@rded I am and that I’ll never be successful or make anything of myself because of how slow I am

Everyone else was given encouragement as kids, and everyone else was thinking of their future. As a kid, I was in survival mode the entire time. The last thing that was on my mind was my damn future

I also noticed in myself that even within the autistic community, I noticed a lot of people in the community has a large vocabulary (and there’s absolutely nothing wrong with that) and would often use words that I’m very unfamiliar with. It got to the point to where I started MASKING amongst AUTISTIC people, where I used to have a whole list in my notes app of big words and their definitions, and how to use them in sentences. I would try my damnest to remember them but no matter how much I studied them, my brain just wouldn’t commit them to memory. I would recite my texts and see if everything sounded right. To see if I could get that academic validation that my inner child never got

Both situations are very devastating for anybody. And again, I’m not invalidating anybody else’s experiences, as the school system screws everyone over. But something I’d like to point out is that you former gifted kids had the chance to establish yourselves in the school system without a negative label, whereas us former special ed kids were considered failures the moment we entered

You guys were given a chance, we weren’t

Sorry for info-dumping so much, I hope that there’s somebody out there who sees this and will relate to my experience as an individual who’s had it ingrained into my skull that I’m a failure at a very young age


