Might get a lot of downvotes for this but omg. These posts are getting so weird, and I’m seeing so many of them lately. We need to vent. I haven’t seen hate in this sub, but what I have seen is frustration, and we deserve a space to let that frustration go, to know we are not alone. Not all people suck, some do, and systemic oppression creates an environment where genuine good people who are part of the “hegemony” of a society reproduce oppression. For context: I’m BIPOC. Not all white people are bad, but the white people who called me the n word, bullied me, threatened me for no reason, try to sabotage my education, my access to healthcare or were racist to me even without being fully aware of it (changing street because I’m brown, avoiding me, thinking of me as a robber). Yeah they suck, and not all white people were like that to me, but most of them were, and all of them benefit from our oppression. But yeah, I needed to talk about those general experiences and saying “white people” because they are benefiting from our oppression and are part of the systemic issue. I needed to understand that my pain was related to something more. They weren’t just bad people, they were also white and hated on me because I wasn’t. And calling that out is not “reverse racism”

Similarly with Autism, NTs have historically made our life hell. We’d been harassed, mistreated, mocked, even tortured. People in this sub just want to vent, even adding some satire. It’s important to know you are not alone, that you didn’t imagine the mistreatment, that it happened. And it’s good to know that there is a community of people like you who you can connect with. I personally never understood what was “wrong with me” and finding people who have similar experiences helped to get know myself. When people say “NTs…” is usually to express frustration and look for understanding. No one is saying they should be abolished from existence or something, and if that happens, yeah we should call it out.

Yes, we are angry. I get angry sometimes, and I want to cry because of everything I’ve been through. But as long as we aren’t asking to hurt or hurting anyone, I think having a space vent is necessary. We can talk to other, help each other, know that we are not alone. We all experienced this. To the contrary, these posts that feel like our version of “reverse racism” are, in some way, trying to shut down that space. But how can we advocate for change if we don’t recognize the problem? There is a systemic oppression and the reason why NTs hurt us so much is rooted in that.


