(For those with attention difficulties, I'll italicize the exposition/introduction so you can skip to the important stuff. There is also a summary at the bottom, though I'd appreciate a read-through for catharsis/venting reasons.)

I'm autistic, and I've considered it a proud and accepted part of my identity for years. When I was younger, my parents feared telling me of my diagnosis because they feared I'd take the news poorly, as my only experience with autism at the time was my more severely challenged autistic brother whom I have a very bad relationship with (which will be important later in this essay of a post.) But, to their surprise, I fully accept it as part of who I am, for all its challenges and all its gifts.

I'm very open to talking about my autism. I readily answer any questions neurotypicals may have, and can casually drop my autism diagnosis into any conversation it may be relevant, whether with a close friend or a complete stranger.

However, for how much I proudly display my autism and advocate for those on the spectrum, I avoid the topic entirely on TikTok. Occasionally, autism-related videos pop up on my For You Page, but I always scroll past. No matter how relatable, no matter how helpful, no matter how much I want to drop a like. I want them to disappear from my page entirely. I want nothing to do with it.

Because I'm a bit less scared of the community on Reddit, I'm going to tell you why.

The first time I remember being offput was a very specific video in which a small tiktoker was making a vent post about their family situation. They'd had to keep their autistic sister barricaded in a room while she was having a meltdown until she calmed down because the sister's meltdowns were so violent that there was a threat the sister may accidentally kill someone if she wasn't restrained. The person never named her sister, never showed her sister's face, never showed the sister at all. It was simply an anonymous vent post, a cry for help and support in a situation I can very much relate to. The comments section was full of people calling her abusive. Though I can understand that the idea of locking an autistic person in a room is a very gray area, I was shocked at the assumptions people made. There were many, MANY people in that comments section saying that OP and their family must have been abusing the sister, and that had to be why she was lashing out. There was no context from which someone could theorize that there was abuse going on. It was a single video about how violent her meltdowns are. Everyone just assumed that the neurotypical family members were to blame, and that the "meltdown" was just the sister fighting back against her abusers. Because autism is a harmless little thing that goes away if you're nice and respectful and accommodating, right? Autism symptoms can't be dangerous in any way, right? It MUST be the neurotypicals' faults! There were also people saying that OP was demonizing their sister- despite never showing any identifying information about their sister, and not even giving any real detail. It was a vent post, as many of us have made about interactions with neurotypical people. But, suddenly, because the sister is autistic, it's somehow wrong to vent about it.

I was a bit miffed about that. I come from a very similar situation as OP. As I mentioned earlier, my brother is far more challenged than me, and has a lot of behavioral issues. We got the state involved recently and got a crisis intervention team, who recommended we put him in a stabilization facility for at least 6 months. This came after around two years of dangerous home conditions. He'd just entered puberty a few years ago, and he has no understanding of boundaries or sexuality or laws or anything like that, so he was engaging with all sorts of sexually inappropriate behavior with family members. A lot of groping, shoving crotch and ass in peoples' faces, charging crotch-first at people, coming into my room naked, pinning me to the wall to do god-knows-what until my parents physically dragged him off of me, etc. And both before and after puberty, he'd always been physically violent. He's always been biting people, and as he's gotten older, he's been biting harder and using even more forceful means. Charging at people and pinning them to the wall, nearly choking our mom to death because he didn't understand his own strength, and just five days ago he bit my mom so hard that she now has nerve damage and can't feel her hand. I keep my bedroom door locked at all times to keep myself safe from him, and the entire family, as much as we all love him, feel like we're being held hostage in our own home. No one feels safe.

This leads me into what was the breaking point for me.

I started seeing posts saying or implying that the neurotypical family members of autistic people cannot be victimized by their loved ones' autism. Every time I saw it, it made my blood boil. I thought of every incident I'd had with my brother. I thought of all the times I'd had to comfort my sobbing mother as rambled tearfully about how she wished she could protect all of us and help my brother. I thought of the times I stared in fear and anticipation as my brother passed me on the stairs, expecting him to push me down as he'd done many times before, I thought of the times I heard my mom screaming bloody murder and ran to make sure my bedroom door was locked, I thought of the times I kept a large stick under my bed so I could fend him off if he came at me.

It made me feel alienated. It made me feel invalidated. Even more so, it made me angry at how it invalidated my parents. My parents did everything for me and my brother. There wasn't a single thing they wouldn't do to help us. They'd give the world for us. They exhausted themselves, sacrificed so much, took every possible option we could find to help my brother. When my mother cried, she wasn't crying because of fear or physical pain, she was crying because she could do nothing to help my brother in his extremely disturbed state.

And then, when I commented about my experiences on those videos saying neurotypicals couldn't be the victims, I was told my parents and I must be abusive to make him lash out. I was told that we were doing too much, too little, no matter what I said we were always in the wrong. I was told to "just talk to him" (to which I said we've tried but there's no reasoning with him in that state, especially since he hardly understands words due to his autism, and they didn't listen). I was told that we weren't victims, that I wasn't a victim. That I was ableist and demonizing my brother for saying we were. I was told we weren't victims even after I talked about the times my brother choked my mom, sexually harrassed us, groped us, pushed me down the stairs, bit my best friend, and many other things.

And that was when I cried. I cried tears of rage, of sorrow, of isolation. I almost never cry. Part of my autism is that I don't really show my emotions normally, and this includes crying. I usually only cry when I'm having a meltdown or panic attack. But in that moment, staring at my phone screen, I cried. It was in that moment that I realized that my mother was right when she always told me no one would understand our lives and what our family goes through. And it was the most isolating thing even this introverted autistic with social anxiety has ever felt. I thought I'd found my community, a place where I was understood. But none of them understood my experiences, not at all. I couldn't even share them without them turning against me. And I felt angry. Not for myself, but for my parents. All that struggle, all those sacrifices, just for some random joe schmoe on the internet who has never set foot in this house to tell me they were evil? I couldn't handle it. Unlike a lot of them, my parents being neurotypical doesn't mean I have no empathy for them.

As a disclaimer, I'm not trying to move the "victim" title from my brother to the rest of us, I'm not trying to prioritize anyone. I'm saying that we're victims too. Everyone in this situation is a victim. My mother, my father, my friend who was bitten, me, and of course my brother. But too often, I see everyone try to push the neurotypicals out of the equation. And due to my empathy for my parents, it makes me sick every time. Focus should of course stay on the autistic people as they experience it the worst, but neurotypicals should be able to talk about their traumas without being screamed at for "demonizing autism" or being "ableist" or an "abuser". What I described here isn't even everything; the community also constantly wars with itself, pitting the "special needs" and "honors classes" autistics against each other and attacking honors class autistics for being "privileged and entitled" enough to talk about their gifted kid burnout. The autism community also has a weird grudge against the ADHD community on there.

And that is why I avoid the autism side of TikTok like the plague.

