There's really no way to word this without sounding pretentious but please understand that I am generally an idiot and in no way do I believe that I am some type of intellectual. Now that's out of the way....

I am really struggling with having conversation with people that scratches that itch to really dig deep into certain subjects. I don't really know how to describe it, I don't do small talk with friends and family and it's not like our conversations aren't deep sometimes but it feels really one sided. Like I'm ready to dig deep into topics and others around me just don't seem interested or capable. For the record almost all my friends and family are Neurodivergent in some way, so we have a lot of common ground that I wish we could tap into.

My Grandfather was someone who I could really talk to about things. He had that real good genius level Autism. He was a human calculator, a pilot, an environmental engineer, entrepreneur. Unfortunately, I got that Great Value/Wish.com autism and did not inherit any of his genius 😂

His special interest was airplanes, flying and anything aeronautical. That would spill into many other subjects like the latest tech, inventions and astronomical discoveries. He would genuinely be interested and just as excited as me about these topics. We would often bounce ideas off of eachother as well. Many of his business ventures started that way. It was a back and fourth that I miss dearly.

I know I definitely just miss my Granddad, a lot. The hole he left in my life I'll never be able to fill. It feels like a part of me died with him. For all intents and purposes he was my father. He raised me.

The part that sucks is I can't really vent to anyone about this issue because if I do it makes it sound Ike I'm calling them stupid. That would not be my intention at all because I definitely don't feel that way. My best friend and my husband are some of the smartest people I know. My best friend has incredible emotional intelligence and self awareness, she can sense bullshit from a mile away. My husband (who is also suspected to have ASD) could tell you the release year of basically any cell phone or game console. His special interest is tech and video games and I'm constantly amazed at what he's able to recall since my own memory is garbage.

So, I'm not really seeking advice. Not really venting, either. Just kind of putting this out there. Maybe some of you can relate? Idk, thanks for reading this mess.


