Hey. I’m a 27 year old autistic person. I present as a masc man. Today I was arrested and charged. I am kinda traumatised by it and need to get this down before I forget.

I had been performing music (busking) on a busy shopping street when i heard commotion up the road. I saw some police speaking with a woman who was raving and screaming - definitely psychosis.

More police arrived in a van. I stopped playing to investigate since I believed they may be victimising her. After trying to find out what she had done i was aggressively told off and that it was none of my business. This set off alarm bells; I thought perhaps an injustice was taking place. I angrily asked “is it a crime to be mentally ill? To be homeless?” to which he as equally angrily said “yeah it is”. That’s when i kicked off and shouted to the gathering crowd what he had said.

One of the police then got in my face to demand my name and address. He stood nearly chest-to-chest and more than a head taller. I refused to say and his intimidating manner only made me angrier. I called them a bunch of cunts and fascists.

That’s when the sergeant said i was being arrested for public disorder. I was cuffed and dragged to the police van where I was thrown head first into the small cells at back. Upsidedown with bruised knees and swelling wrists from tight handcuffs, i gathered myself. I heard the schizophrenic woman in the next 1x1 cell kicking screaming. A fifth police officer asked me “still think she shouldn’t be arrested/here/helped?” (Can’t remember) to which i shout something like “she needs medical help and understanding and [can’t remember]”. She said that’s what they’re doing; bringing her to a doctor, and said I wouldn’t be saying that if I’d seen some CCTV footage of her.

After which I went quiet. The van arrived at the station and they took her out. I stayed alone in the van for about 20 minutes; this is when it settled in and I completely shut down. When they opened the van door two of them muttered to each other that I might have taken drugs while they were gone because i seemed so out of it. Could barely focus, couldn’t make a sound. The sergeant asked me my name and address. I said nothing and just looked down. He asked again and warned me that if I didn’t answer that I would be kept in custody for the week before i could explain to a judge why I didn’t comply to identifying myself. This make my teeth hurt and my mouth go dry; I barely let out in a monotone my name. The other observing police muttered again that i looked like i had “taken something”. I just looked at them and said “I’m autistic”. He mockingly reply “You’re autistic? Is that your name? Is that your address?” to which i said “...very funny”.

“Oh we’ll see who’s laughin won’t we?” he said

Then they led me out and processed my information and searched me just short of my underwear. Then i was in a jail cell alone for a long time while they did paperwork.

After what felt like forever I was released and told i was being charged with public disorder, threatening/abusive behaviour and refusal to give my name/address. I could barely talk and mostly didn’t. I appear in court on the 22nd of Sep and will pay a maximum of €1,500 fine and/or a maximum of 6 months in prison (unlikely).

This was all today. I had to write it all down before I forgot. I’m traumatised, pale and have cold sweats. My wrists are swollen and my head hurts. Tough day.


