Hi everyone, this is kind of just a rant. I’m a late diagnosed autistic, a little over a year, now. I’ve only entered burnout three times now, the first time in 6-8 grade, where I lost a lot of social skills, mental flexibility, and sensory tolerance. The next time in 10-12 grade, where I lost more of those skills, and made an autistic friend, who was the first person to suggest that I may be autistic. The last one happened after working at Subway for about 6 months, where I lost more of the same, and some fine motor skills.

Some autistic people get all better/back to their normal after burnout, but I tend to never get all of my skills back. I just get worse and never fully better. Which is why I’m so scared about going into burnout now. I’ve been working at a factory job for about a year and ten months, and it’s been good. They’re so accommodating, and thats fantastic. I have FMLA to leave work when overwhelmed, I can wear sunglasses and headphones. I get extra time with trainings and can ask to be put in specific places on the line to avoid overwhelm. But it’s still getting to be too much for me.

I’m noticing all the things that are signs of burnout for me. Worsening sensory issues, more violent & more frequent meltdowns, lack of motivation, hopelessness, communication issues, motor skill issues, inability to mask, stronger urge to stim. I’m still able to push myself to work, for now. But I’ve been taking more and more days off, and wasn’t even able to make it through a six hour shift on Thursday. Six hours. And I could only make it four. I know that if I keep going, I’m going to crash. And who knows how much worse I’ll be when I get back up. But I can’t just stop, either. I have rent and a car and a phone and groceries and gas. I can’t just stop.

I’m going to talk to my therapist and my company to see if Short Term Disability is something I could do. But that won’t work forever, and who can even say that it will work at all? What if I need more than a month, two months, three? Thats more than I took off for top surgery. I wish I could find a job that is not so demanding of me. But thats so hard. Customer Service is a communication nightmare. Factory work is a sensory hell. I can barely work a computer because I find them hard to understand (I can do basic things, research, writing, making files, etc. Things like Excel or even powerpoint are a no go). Math is out of the question.

A lot of jobs I feel as if I could do are requiring a college degree and/or computer knowledge, or aren’t hiring. I’m really good at organizing, researching, writing, brainstorming, and stuff like that. I feel like I could work in a library, but when I look online it wants a degree. I feel like I’d be a good technical writer, but most of those jobs are for IT. Maybe a floral shop, but thats customer service. I just feel like I’ve run into this wall. I feel stuck.


