Okay, so I don't often post stuff here...I usually just reply and upvote in threads.

But serious talk, please stop with the "not all NTs" or "you're being mean" stuff, folks. We're venting, and we have every right to express our feelings and frustrations on having autism in a subreddit about autism.

Us folk on the spectrum need to be able to have a safe place to express our frustrations with the NT-tailored world, and there's also taking into consideration that we don't have the best social skills in the world so those vent posts, which many people are whinging about, might seem harsh.

Know what's harsh?

Being told "tell your autism to leave you alone today".

Being told "no, you can't vent on a subreddit called 'autism' because some people are tired of seeing negative/vent posts".

Look, I'm all for kindness, second chances, and empathy. But these "stop the mean stuff" and "not all NTs" threads complaining about our venting is making me actually feel unsafe here.

I was so excited when I found this subreddit, because even if I rarely post anything I feel like "hey...these people get it!" or that I can relate to many of the posts so I toss an upvote on them and sometimes respond.

But now? Now, I feel like we're being invaded by people who don't want us to vent; who are once again trying to tell us what to do and how to feel. Who want us to shut up and bottle up our feelings and emotions because they're offended by our struggles instead of finding empathy for it, or just want to start trouble.

Once again, I feel marginalized and like this is not a safe place. If you don't like people on the spectrum venting their frustrations in a safe place, then quietly leave (and complain about us on another forum if you so desire).

This is our place, and I strongly feel that I don't want to be chased out of here because a handful of allists feel like we need to stop being us in order to satisfy them. Yea, we get that enough IRL and being forced to try to conform to a world which wasn't built for us; stop trying to police us on a subreddit about our own disorder, please.

