Not only with the whole, you gotta look good at all times otherwise you'll be judged and discriminated.

But I spent a year back in high school shaving only the bottom of my legs that show from my school uniform pants, half of my arms that show from my school uniform shirt and armpits just incase they were visible.

I didn't give enough of a shit to do it all over or go to laser hair removal. But I did it because I got made fun of once due to my armpit hair. After that, I honestly couldn't get myself to keep going.

It really mentally draining to revolve some percentage of your time and mind to how I look. I've always never cared and was too caught up in wanting to do fun things that make me happy.

But every time, theirs someone or smth reminding me of societal rules and how my brain or the way I think doesn't fit.

Now I got my mom thats telling me I have to start laser hair removal since I'm 18, which I said I would do at 18 so I can get her to stop when I was younger. But I still don't want to do it. Just thinking about how I have to be conscious about it and how I have to go back to those thoughts like, "if I wear this until my next shaving no one will see".

Programming my brain to have to think that way to fit in makes me want to kill myself. I don't know how to explain it, but I quite literally can't make my brain work to fit in. Like others don't find it a struggle to follow a trend, but my brain will lose it if I'm constantly told I have to be conscious of what the world likes now. I don't want to know what the world like now or what they find trendy. I don't want to be conscious of it either. I just want to know that no one has this system in their brains that I'm incapable of having for my brain and I have to suffer the consequences of being "abnormal" or "annoying".

But everywhere you look, everyone you meet, it all is about that. It all come back and I have to sit there and tell myself not to fall for it and force myself to live a life that doesn't fit me. It is so hard.

I apologise for the rant. I just never see people talk about society beauty standards in the aspects of having a neurodivergent brain that's incapable of following along. It's bad for everyone, but I can't find anyone has the same anger towards it like I do.


