for starters: I'm not diagnosed. this will probably be quite long because I I've been thinking about posting this for weeks, but procrastated so now there are even more thoughts than before.

first thing is that I kinda feel like a child in a sense. not really tho. but I also don't feel like an adult or a teenager. but all the things that other people my age start doing that I associated with adulthood absolutely terrify me. I'm 20 and I've never worked cause I don't feel capable. Also im not even planning on doing my driving license. the only "adult thing" I managed to do is living on my own. and I honestly can't imagine ever living with any other person again. relationships are another adult thing that seems unattainable for me. I kinda don't wanna be alone forever but I feel like relationships are scary, I'd feel so insecure and I can't imagine being 100% comfortable around a person.

social rules for children?? this kinda confuses me. I noticed that apparently you are supposed to lie to children to make them feel better about themselves or something and I don't really get it. in general I feel like I usually have solid social skills, but some of the rules don't apply to children and because of that I just don't know how to talk to them. I talk to them like I talk to adults but that seems to be wrong.

image and change. for some reason it makes me anxious whenever I change something about myself. not even because I myself have a problem with that, but because of other people. like when I start wearing new shoes other people can see that I wear new shoes and it makes me anxious. it makes absolutely no sense whatsoever. It feels like I have this version of myself that I present to other people and everytime I change it, I'm scared that they'll think differently of me because the current image is working just fine. not just visually but also in terms of my character.

since I started studying at university I feel a lot dumber than I did before. I failed an exam and it lead me into a spiral and regularly I feel like I will never accomplish anything and that all my work is going to waste. I study everyday, I'm exhausted. but I can't fail another exam. I just feel kinda stupid lol.

anyways that's it.


