background: I'm 13, I am probably autistic (not diagnosed but I have most/all symptoms), my sister has anxiety.

My mum has always blamed me for my sister's anxiety. Ever since I was nine or so she has both told me directly and I've overheard her telling my sister that I caused it because I used to hit her when I got angry when we argued. It was never hard, I'm a weak kid, and it never really hurt. I did it when my arguments were ignored, I always feel awful unless I do it though. Now I just go and throw or hit something instead, but if I don't do something physical I get a bad headache. Idk, it sounds weird typing it out. She has also said I'm a bully and that I bullied my sister. This also caused me to grow very distant from my sister for a year or so because I was convinced I was an awful person to her and a bully that caused her mental health problems. I haven't done it in almost a year, but when I did it last she kept on yelling about it, saying this is why your sister has anxiety, would you do this to someone else, you have to stop doing this. By the way, I did it because my sister told my mumI stayed up late even though I asked her to keep it a secret and she didn't even though I ALWAYS keep her secrets, and then my mum yelled at me and everyone kept on acting like it was some really bad detrimental thing that I stayed up late once that was destroying my life. They both just kept on yelling at me and I got really overwhelmed and I just wanted it to stop.

I also don't really smile a lot. I have been like that for as long as I can remember. She has been telling me for a while that she feels really upset when I don't smile and that it's really depressing and asks why I'm always so miserable and moody. Also this isn't just a small thing like she wants us to have a series of long talks about how this is destroying our relationship. Because I don't smile. (There are also other things but those are mostly caused by the fact that I genuinely don't like her after years of being guilt tripped and gaslighted)

I told my mum I thought I had autism recently and she told me ever since I was a toddler she thought I had it. She always knew. She knew the whole time and she still thinks that I hit my sister because I'm a bully and that I don't smile because I'm moody. She ruined my relationship with my sister for a year. She made me believe I was an awful person, leading to my mental health declining and me self-harming. She yells at me almost every day for no good reason. And it could all be solved if she cut me a bit of slack for my (probable) autism. Although it probably couldn't. She'd probably still yell at me even if I told her these are autistic things (at least I think they are I'm really sorry if they aren't I don't mean to be incorrect here) She would probably say people won't cut you slack when you're an adult or that it's bad anyway so I just need to learn to do it and smile more.


