This is not a discussion, I don’t wanna know if you would take it - I couldn’t care less about such a decision of yours - it’s just a vent because I am fucking tired.

I was diagnosed with level 3 autism over two decades ago, after years and years of therapy, I can definitely pass pretty good as level 2. I even went to university somehow and now work in a company with a specific inclusivity program. Still, I would take a cure for autism the second it exists. Not because I have no possibilities in this world, I can handle it as much as needed, I know I can’t change anything about me being autistic.

But I would take it for the little girl that sat all night in the living room painting instead of playing with other kids, the child that was not able to communicate how much daylight hurt her, the girl that would starve herself during summer because she refused to eat or drink before the sun set. The same little girl was not able to wear proper clothes till the age of 7, only daddys big shirt - everything else was horrible - of course it was cold in winter, but freezing was way better than wearing pants or a pullover. The touch starved girl that always wanted to hug her parents, but that meant she would hear their heartbeat, or breath, or feel their clothes on her skin - things that made it impossible. The little girl that always wanted to have a dog and travel around.

The not-so-little-girl still can’t do it. I will never be able to have a dog because everything about them triggers my sensory issues. I will most likely not travel around, I can’t even spent one night outside of my bed. Where am I supposed to travel? The hotel down the street?

I am okay with being autistic 99% of the time, but some days it just hits a different way that I am the way I am. Of course I can learn all those things, but who tf thinks I’m satisfied with learning the things that are “standard“ for literally anyone else? Why are they able to do all the things so naturally, while I spent years in therapy to learn what? Leave the house after sun rise? Damn, that sound awesome /s

I’m just exhausted. I can’t even do that without support. After a shutdown, I need someone to take care of me because basically ever survival drive is turned off then. Alone I’m not able to eat, drink, get up, communicate for probably a week. That sounds so absurd - I literally can’t even feel shiity on my own, wtf.

