I've told my best friend, and (some) ex partners, a lot about the abuse. A lot about the trauma. My friend is very great about it. I've asked him many times if he's okay with it. He keeps reassuring me that its okay, that he's here for me and that me getting to talk about it is worth however it may upset him to know that kind of stuff. The exes were, mostly good with it. That doesn't really matter much to be honest.

I've had some (many, maybe 8 over the last ~10 years, im 21 now...) therapists, and with a few i could actually talk about it too. The thing is, its so much. To this day, I still find new things to consider traumatizing in my past. Some memories that were hidden, some things I knew about vaguely, but never realized how much they affected me to this day, how much they played into the overall narrative of the traumata (?) perhaps. I've spent the last 5 years slowly opening up to my best friend, many drunk nights especially.... and theres still things I can't say out loud, at least in detail. Memories I can only repeat in my head over and over, like a broken video recorder.

It feels like majority of my life, like fucking 80% of it or so until this point were nothing but pure trauma. Its like id have to tell someone every fucking horrible moment of my life, and it would take months of nonstop talking, probably longer, just for me to feel like someone finally gets it, like they got the bigger picture, everything. And I want to get it out.

I wish I had a therapist, where even if it took years, I could tell them every single thing. And when I was finally over they could understand why I am so hurt. Why im so fucked up. Thing is, my insurance kinda caps out at 2 or 3 years. I've went through every loophole to even have this much therapy over the years. Breaks here and there once they stopped paying. But that wouldn't be enough, not with one hour per week. Plus therapists who said they "didn't know how to help me anymore" after I had told them about the major incidents..

and I feel like most people also just dismiss how much these smaller things add up. They don't see how to you, these things happened in contexts. Contexts of constant awful things, aggression, betrayal, everything...

No matter how much I try to talk about it, it just. It doesn't feel like enough. I just want it to be enough for once.