Today was pretty bad. The work day wasn't so bad but I think after 4-5 years of attempting to work things out with my fiance I don't think I can do it anymore. I'm tired of coming back to some weird coincidence of thing that triggers me and him having to explain. Sure as a person has he improved? Yes like he learned to comfort me and work together through house stuff but what I need is a honest monogamous partner and if he can't do that because of genetics or family trauma or whatever I just wish he'd be honest with himself. It wasn't always like this. Our teenage and young adult years were fun. A great conversationalist, taught me it was OK to feel. Talking and bonding over anime. Comforting each other through each other's traumas. Whenever my siblings would abuse me I'd call and he'd be there. When his grandma was abusing him I'd be here to comfort. He even moved in at 18 to help take of my dad when all my older siblings didn't care. We survived homelessness together. Some of the things he did to help me trust him:

-comforted me when my mom died -Not judging my body -always standing up for me against bullies -being there when I needed a shoulder to cry on -protected me from my abusive siblings when my dad passed -when we got into a car accident and the car was tipped over he pushed me up so the belt didn't hurt me -left a job because these two guys at work were pressuring him to go run trains on women

Amongst other things. I mean... from 13-18 I wasn't the best partner tbh my undiagnosed ptsd I was pretty controlling because my previous betrayal trauma from ex that I mentioned in previous post. He endured my rage. I'm not proud of it and I haven't hit him but as a teen I used to hit him as a way to show hey you wronged me don't fuck with me. He didn't have to wait around for me to realize what I was doing was fucked up. But he did.

I thought maybe us both going to couples therapy would be enough. That maybe us coming to the conclusion we had untreated trauma. Part of his being he was never taught to communicate properly because he was always told to be quiet of his opinion doesn't matter. And that's why maybe he looked at other women on some random image board all those years ago because I had freaked out one time we were being intimate while half asleep and called him a rapist(not smart I know and I totally understand if anyone bags on me). But I was startled and it wasn't ok to do that. And I thought maybe it was just he internalized that and so he didn't feel comfortable anymore expressing sexual needs to me.

But after today I just am tired of the cycles of good and then I get this gut feeling somethings wrong or ill look at something on his phone and it'll seem wrong. I'm tired of the excuses I want to be in a relationship that's healthy for me and I want to be happy.

Today he was looking at something on his phone but it seemed like he was slightly turning it away. Note that we have a open policy of me being able to look through his phone. But when I grabbed it to look through it looked like he was looking to download snap chat. Now no one would think this is weird but as of 4 months ago we lost all of our friends due to one main friend going through a divorce and things getting toxic with everyone. Also snap chat is not necessarily a porn site but hey i do know people add randos and post their only fans. Neither one of us have snapchat. We just have fb and reddit. But just the way he freaked out and tried to grab the phone reminded me of the night I found the nude pictures of other women it just seemed guilty. He even seemed defensive when I questioned him. Angry...then going on with crying begging me to talk to him that he didn't want to fight. Saying shit like why would I spend all these years in therapy alone just to hurt you? Why would I try to go to couples therapy if I didn't want to be with you? Idk man maybe to create a false sense of security for me. Maybe because you don't want to admit you don't want me anymore because we don't have friends and your family's toxic and so is mine so you don't wanna go homeless again or live awkwardly with an ex till we figure it out? I'm just in so much pain and trying so hard to be strong and fight for me. I didn't want to turn 32 and be single but I don't want to live a lie anymore and maybe I'm seeing certain posts on fb for a reason like the ones that say "don't keep your boyfriend to lose out on your husband" meaning just because you've been with a man a long time doesn't mean it's meant to be or whatever.

I know it'll be very hard for me to date because we'll

-i have ptsd -trust issues -body dysmorphia -I'm in my 30s -I like nerdy things like anime And -I'm demisexual meaning I can only have sex with you if I have a deep emotional connection to you.

I just don't think after this little stunt I can take anymore. I've been with M for 18 years. I just wish at least he could be a man and say hey I'm not into this or you but let's be friends and support each other. At least I could respect him more that way. I don't know all of the demons M is battling but I do know some. That's why I can't entirely bring myself to totally hate him. I value the friendship we had and that we could talk or do anything. But that means nothing if he can't be a monogamous honest man to me. I know his dad wasn't around and cheated on his mom. I know he was verbally and physically abused by his uncle and grandma. His mom didn't even try to parent him and only came back into his life when he was 16. But the bitch is a meth head and on food stamps but she never fed him properly.

I'm just going on and on I just don't immediately want people to scream about how M is a D bag without knowing his pain too. I'm tired and just really triggered. Idk guys what do I do follow my gut and leave? Somehow live on my own even though I only make $20 an hour and have to commute 45 mins to the same job as M? Sigh...I wish this wasn't happening