I'm at the point where I can no longer suffer in silence anymore like I used to. I REALLY need to tell somebody about how I feel and my trauma. Whenever a part of my day goes well, I begin to get triggered by things that remind me of it. I start to feel angry, then cry and unable to feel that happiness again.

The thing that frustrates me so much and makes it harder is that I know she doesn't see mental health as serious as I do, my mum refuses to believe there is something wrong with me because if there is it would make her a bad mother, and if her sisters figured out that I would go into therapy they would make her feel guilty. I would feel guilty. I'm not allowed to be a sad child to her. I don't want that for her. I don't want to feel like a burden to her too. The funny thing is, I'm like her therapist and give her relationship advice. She never ever asks about how I know all this. It's all because of the constant researching I did from my toxic relationship lol.

I hate that if I went to therapy her sisters and everyone else would try to invade my privacy, my phone and everything they can to get a piece of information for their nosy asses so they can gossip about it and make my mum feel terrible. Even if we kept it a secret from them, I can't imagine my mum worrying about me her whole life. I need her to enjoy her life. I wish there was some king of secret therapy I could go to that is free to solve this PTSD. It is not my mum's fault.

But seriously, I want to show her I have derealization but afraid she won't believe me or take it seriously. This is why I'm secretive, also, do school counselors tell parents that you were there? do they know anything about PTSD or just ''depression.'' honestly, they'll just think I have the blues because I have no friends. (Social anxiety makes everything hard.)

This was honestly the most supportive subreddit I've been to by the way, Quora kind of sucks at comforting people. (Sorry Quora people.) So, I show my gratitude! posting here is like journaling for me, makes me feel better lol.