6:40 a.m.
Wake up and go back to sleep.

7:35 a.m.
My first alarm goes off but I ignore it and the next one. At 7:45 I get ready for work, tired. I can’t forget to pay my rent, bring my recorder, or notebook. Rent, notebook, recorder. Rent, notebook, recorder, I repeat as I wash my face. I plug in the security camera, get down on my hands and knees to check on the cat under the bed. Fine. I throw on my sneakers and grab my bag and pet the other cat goodbye. I close and lock the apartment door, saying my mantra, “Please keep the cats safe, Lord.” I’m not religious. And then I am off, driving to work.

10:30 a.m.
I bite my nails and try to catch up on the news. I scroll through headlines, check my email, start a project, check my email, check on the cats, check Facebook, write interview questions. I’m all over the place and uncomfortable.

1 p.m.
I eat my food truck grilled cheese and fries, which I get so often the food truck people know my name. It comforts me and I am focused on work. Once I am absorbed in a task the anxiety falls away.

5:30 p.m.
I leave work 30 minutes early for therapy, an 1.5 hour drive across the city in traffic.

7:30 p.m.
Therapy. We talk about my fear of the grocery store and needing proper nutrients — or to be honest, any nutrients. We make a healthy shopping list for the store together. I struggle with the self-care — somehow high-level work tasks are easy, but simple things like brushing my teeth are difficult.

My psychiatrist missed my phone appointment earlier, so my therapist gets him on speakerphone while I list my symptoms from a list, my therapist filling in the gaps: trouble sleeping, flashbacks/weird dreams, panic/overwhelm, difficulty with self-care, isolation, avoidance, helplessness, dissociation, derealization, depersonalization, thought-blocking, slow cognitive processing, depression, racing thoughts, rage, lack of motivation/interest, agoraphobia, intrusive memories.

He adds Prozac to the Luvox and Abilify I am already taking. I close in on myself a little, feeling exposed and like a failure. I don’t like listing my symptoms because I am trying so hard to pretend everything is normal, that mental illness doesn’t impact my life. It does.

10 p.m.
I am home from therapy. My cats chase each other while I agonize over what to do. I decide to tackle some work. I’m too wired for sleep right now anyway. Plus I didn’t eat dinner. I should do that, right?

11 p.m.
Bedtime. My mind races. I want to keep working, panicked now. Work is how I avoid dealing with the harder thoughts and memories — I can drown them out with sheer willpower. I know I need to sleep though. I turn on the guided sleep meditation.