It took me 17 years to want to leave my house again after being mugged and beaten up while away at university. The perpetrator never was prosecuted because I didn't stay long enough to go through with it. It is a process. One I was not able to oblige while I was in my fragile, broken state. One thing I learned in that seventeen years was how much we all have to learn on this planet. I feel sorry for him because he is so far behind me developmentally. He still hasn't learned the lessons I never had to think about. In this lifetime. Now, my major in school is PTSD. Some things change your path, and force you into a more inward journey. Trauma is one such thing. His soul has so much more work to do than mine. That is something to pity. I believe in past lives, and the soul's journey. My PTSD took me to my spirituality, and my spirituality healed me. But, it took a lot of time. Thankfully, my parents were able to give me that time. But, that puts me developmentally even above them now, and I find that hard. My new challenge is seeing the emotional responses in others, and trying not to let it pull me in emotionally. We're always working on ourselves. Constantly. People say it a lot because it's true.



Before my trauma, I thought most people on this planet were good. After my trauma, I thought most people on this world are bad. Now, I see it as webs of light or goodness spanning out against the darkness. We have to help each other if we are ever to get anywhere as a species. It is the next evolutionary step that we are already in the process of. The person hurt you because they are hurt, the response from you should be concern, not hurt. But, that is almost impossible when you're fresh in it. It takes several years and many psychology courses to be able to understand people so much - that you can forgive the worst of them, once you understand their story. It's all trauma. We're all hurt. Whoever hurt you, is hurt more than you because you were not driven to hurt another person. It's really ass backward logic, that leads us to the circle of life. Nothing in this life is meant to be understood, yet we try every day to understand it. This is the conclusion. Taking the high road requires time. Give yourself that time. Respect your body. Take long baths. Find yourself again. Not who you used to be, but who you are now. I guarantee you the two are starkly different.