6:00 a.m.
I lost an entire night because the Xanax knocked me out. I don’t remember much about getting home yesterday and I fell asleep fully clothed on the couch with the light on. I finally wake up when my alarm goes off. I am still tired, so I hit snooze.

7:15 a.m.
I have off from my full-time job today, a bonus company summer holiday, but I am still up early to work.

9:15 a.m.
I’m waiting on an apartment inspection and very anxious since I have to leave for therapy soon. I can’t leave until the inspection happens because I can’t risk the cats escaping because some strangers leave my apartment door open. My cats are my lifelines, and I pathologically obsess over their safety.

10:20 a.m.
The quick apartment inspection is over and I am still on time. I feel pretty good right now.

11:30 a.m.
I have my second 90-min therapy session of the week. We talk about how I can make a life worth living by doing activities other than work and therapy. I’ve been avoiding anything with people and prefer to stay in my apartment with the cats as much as possible where it’s safe. Apparently this isn’t what life is supposed to be like. The more ideas we brainstorm, the more overwhelmed I feel. My therapist says fun things will help me feel better about life. I know she’s right, but I am afraid.

1:15 p.m.
I stop at McDonald’s on the way to the doctor’s appointment I scheduled about losing weight. Oops?

2:30 p.m.
At the doctor’s office, I hand my doctor the medical excuse form for jury duty first. I testified against my sexual abuser in several court hearings, and jury duty is a huge trigger I can’t handle right now. Just going to the court to get the medical excuse brought on panic attacks and flooded emotions and memories last week. I can’t do it. She signs my form.

Then we talk about the weight issue. I’ve heard most of it before, about plant-based eating and shopping around the edges of the store, and tracking what I eat. My doctor is kind, helpful, and not shaming, so I appreciate this.

4:30 p.m.
Having a successful day so far, I decide to keep the momentum going — laundry. I haul the mini washing machine out of the closet, so I don’t have to go to the laundromat where there are people. I put the first load in the tiny washer, set it for 9 minutes and poke around the apartment, waiting. I hope to stuff all my laundry into just three loads. (The washing machine can only handle 11 pounds at a time.) Laundry overwhelms me and I just want to get it over with.

7:45 p.m.
I survive a trip to the grocery store! I get almost everything on the list my therapist and I made. I may not care about my body — to be overweight is to be invisible and that means creepy dudes leave me alone — but all the sugar I usually eat ramps up my PTSD. My therapist didn’t mince words. I can’t get better if I don’t eat better.

10 p.m.
The grocery store knocked me out and I haven’t gotten any work done. I read, take my new meds, now six pills in all, and go to sleep.