6 a.m.
The alarm goes off. I dream my abuser is allowed to come back to school and teach like nothing happened, like he didn’t abuse a student, and nobody believes me when I say he’s dangerous. The dream makes me tired and disoriented, so I reset my alarm for later.

6:30 a.m.
Alarm goes off. I reset it for later.

8 a.m.
Alarm goes off. I thought it was supposed to go off earlier. I am confused and a little panicked I can’t remember why the earlier alarm didn’t go off. Even when I lose time and forget something mundane, it’s still disconcerting. What else have I missed? I get up and shower.

8:27 a.m.
The work I am supposed to be doing isn’t due until midnight, so I give up, too tired to do anything now.

9 a.m.
I call in to my Dialectical Behavioral Therapy skills group, which teaches mindfulness, interpersonal effectiveness, emotional regulation, and distress tolerance skills for people like me who self-injure or otherwise struggle to manage emotions. When it’s my turn to share, I talk about working on the PLEASE skill — treat physical illness, eat, avoid mood-altering substances, sleep, and exercise — with my new healthy eating mission.

12 p.m.
Today marks three months exactly without self-injury. To celebrate I am getting a new tattoo, a color madala my brother designed. My tattoo artist works on my arm, covering cigarette burn scars in the process. It looks amazing when it’s done.

3 p.m.
I am back home and hungry. I eat a salad but I really want sugar. I don’t feel like doing any work, so I listen to an audiobook, Carrie Fisher’s The Princess Diarist, while playing a Frozen game on my phone. It’s my favorite combination of distraction skills to keep me calm.

7 p.m.
My parents call from the east coast and tell me about their dinner party. I tell them about my tattoo. They are proud of my 90 days without self-injury. So am I. We talk for over an hour.

10 p.m.
I can’t really remember what I had been doing, but I am tired. I roll over on the couch and fall asleep, still dressed with the light on.

12 a.m.
I wake up, think I should move to my bed or at least turn the light off but I turn over and immediately fall back asleep.

3:26 a.m.
I wake up again and this time get off the couch, feed the cats, put on pajamas, and turn out the light. It crosses my mind I have forgotten to take my meds (this happens at least twice a week) but I am too tired to care. I fall back asleep.