6:31 a.m.
Wake up again, fall back asleep.

7:40 a.m.
Wake up again, fall back asleep.

8:31 a.m.
Wake up again, check my email, fall back asleep.

9:30 a.m.
Decide I should stay awake to work. I will tackle my article first. I don’t know how to write the intro. I’m worried it will be terrible and I have no idea what I am doing, but I can’t avoid it forever, the deadline technically already past. I’m hungry, but I hate all the healthy food in my apartment, so I choose not to eat.

1 p.m.
I’ve squeaked out a draft of the article, though it took forever and it’s way too long. I realize part of the reason writing this article is so hard is because I’m writing about dating. Any mention of dating or sex brings up unwanted memories and past fears — intimacy means unwanted sexual advances and abuse. It always triggers me.

2 p.m.
I go to an individual meditation session. I tell my teacher how I’m trying to calm down my overactive fight-or-flight response while also trying to open up and express my emotions. We talk about skills that can help and decide it’s time to start a daily meditation practice. We’ll see how that goes.

4:15 p.m.
I stand in line at Starbucks to get my coveted midnight mint mocha frappuccino. It’s not on the healthy eating plan, but since I skipped lunch, there is plenty of room on the calorie scale.

4:30 p.m.
I Skype with my brother, sister-in-law, and young nephew. I don’t really know what to say — my life is so small and boring, so it’s a short conversation. I can’t very well talk about all my therapy or how the grocery store overwhelms me. I love seeing them though. I hope I get better at connecting and talking one of these days because I want them in my life.

7:45 p.m.
I realize I should shower. I can’t muster up the courage or the energy for that, so I wash my hair and face instead. I check my email before settling in on the couch to listen to a new audiobook, Jennifer Traig’s Devil In The Details, and play Frozen.

9 p.m.
I deem work finished for the day and I don’t have energy for anything else. I message my Talkspace therapist one last time, feed and water the cats, take my meds, and hop into bed.