I have found that I really benefit from writing down my thoughts in some kind of journal. It’s like a physical action that forces me to process my thoughts.

This week I had a really bad episode. Someone said just the right words that reminded me of my abusive controlling ex. It’s effected me for days now and I feel like I relived my trauma this week. I am having a hard time sleeping, I’m not getting out of bed, and I feel tense. I’ve basically been in shock since Tuesday.

I’ve written several things down today, but I just wanted to share my end of day journal, just in case anyone felt the same way.

Friday night -

It’s been a really long day. The last two days feel like a whirlwind of emotions. My mind is processing everything. All I can do is lay down and slowly analyze the events. I’ve journaled more today than I have in the last several months combined. My thumb is sore from all the typing on my phone.

I couldn’t really get up and do much today. I had a few ambitions, but I didn’t get much further than showering and putting on clothes. I was about to leave, but I had something I needed to write about while it was on my mind. I spent almost two hours writing. I decided to lay back down in bed afterwards. I was excited to get under the covers. I gave the day a bit of a shot, but clearly, I needed to be taken care of instead.

I started practicing talking myself out loud with a bit of encouragement. I can do that for others, so just do that. It felt silly, like when your parents force you to say sorry to your siblings as a kid.

I felt sick all day from guilt. As if this whole week was my fault and I’m just a horrible person. Everyone can see my imperfections as clear as stars in the sky. It took a real wind up to at least make dinner. I’m not good at self compassion, but I’m quenched and desperately need a little sympathy.

I’ve always believed anger to be strictly a bad thing. Anger is wrong, I’m bad for getting angry. End of story. As black and white as it gets. Nothing confused me more than when My therapist told me told me anger wasn’t all bad. It didn’t really make sense. But every time I slid down this hill of blame, a bit of anger would rush in to defend me. I’m not a failure, I’m human. I know how honest it is for me to say, “I want to be a better person.”

The perfectionist in me loves to highlight the flaws. But I can’t deny the progress I’ve made. I’m not who I want to be yet, but I’m a little bit further along now. Good job on the progress.